- [[Daily Log]]
	- 05:45-05:55 Got up and dressed
	- 05:55-06:16 Had my morning walk and did some sungazing
		- Morning walk #habit
	- 06:17-06:37 Wrote my morning pages
		- Journal #habit
	- 06:38-06:50 Organizing to-dos
	- 06:50-06:55 Had a small avocado #Food
	- 06:55-07:08 Scrolling on Telegram
	- 07:09-07:15 Took a cold shower
	- 09:48-10:09 Took a walk outside
	- 10:10-11:04 Waking Aster up
	- 11:05-12:10 Grocery shopping
	- 12:10-12:30 Lunch: 4 slices of bread with hummus + aioli #Food
	- 12:30-13:00 Calling Artie to convince him to come here this week
	- 14:00-15:00 Nap and buying veggies
	- 15:00-16:30 Procrastination on /fit/
	-
	- TODO 19:30-21:00 Meetup w/ Dan+Antonio
- To-Do
	- WAITING Send eToro non-American retraction 
	  DEADLINE: <2023-06-05 Mon>
- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- This morning while sungazing, several thoughts occurred to me.
		  
		  First was the question of Nietzschean superiority, of natural elitism, and whether one can attain this through willpower or that it is purely inborn, and what constitutes the right kind of striving? I suppose this is the difference between one whose natural proclivities draw them to, say, Bach or Beethoven, and one which forces themselves to listen to these masters because they know "it is refined" to do so, as many Asian families living in the West do in all aspects of life (e.g. tiger parenting). Is it wrong to recognize where one's education has gone wrong, or perhaps the stultifying influence of one's culture and environment, and actively purge them within without knowing which way is up? Fumbling in the dark, trying to find the light inside. Perhaps it is this which Nietzsche means with the act of jumping in the metaphorical volcano, of purifying oneself in the heat, and the sign of natural superiority is sufficiently expressed in the recognition of weakness and the will to overcome it. 
		  On the other hand, I should suspect my own fears of coming across as a tryhard - caring about the opinion of others makes the whole argument a moot point.
		  
		  The second thought that occurred was the result of digesting this lovely interview of Fen de Villiers {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eXXPqmkh7I}}
		  in which he discusses how one of the main responsibilities of the artist is to still the mind and allow the beyond to speak without words, guiding the process through flashes of images, form and sound. As I heard this, I was saddened by the fact that my own occupation as engineer almost completely precludes the necessity or desire for such attunement to the transcendent - we are expected to operate exclusively with our left brain hemispheres. Is it possible for engineers to drink from the same fountain as artists while retaining the quality of their work? I believe so, and doubly for my own kind, we Space Engineers.
		  
		  I had the ideas in mind, and the moment I finished typing the previous paragraph, they seemed to slip my mind. Maybe this is not for me to write today. Come to think of it, I suppose that part of resonating with the ebb and flow of the universe is to accept certain circumstances instead of forcing what is not ready to happen yet. The Muse is not at beckon and call.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- logseq.order-list-type:: number
				  1. The quiet of the first hours of the morning
				- 2. Early morning sunrises, which let one sungaze safely
				- 3. Having a well tuned circadian rhythm and not needing alarms (for now)
			- ### What would make today great?
				- logseq.order-list-type:: number
				  1. Getting distracted as little as possible by my phone
				- 2. Making significant progress with my work, and doing something extra not work-related
				- 3. Perhaps going for a swim?
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- perhaps not born into greatness, but with the will for it.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-