title:: 08.06.2022

- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		- #TRT Felt much more awake at 6:00 AM this morning, and incidentally skipped IGF dose last night. Maybe not a coincidence? Maybe it's also just been long enough since last week's insanity to recover from, or maybe the realization at slipping time kicked me into second gear again. In any case, I feel much better this morning. Can't remember my dreams though, still woke up in the middle of the night, and thus probably slept too little.
		- Part of the reason why there is no entry on Monday and Tuesday is because I felt like proper dogshit: unmotivated, lazy, constantly tired (and napping). I really wonder what caused this due to the unfortunate timing of the test dose after my coke bender, but it certainly led me to associate the former with my symptoms, when it is likely just the latter.
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Not being bald or balding at 23
				- 2. Not having gone off one of the many deep ends
				- 3. Not having overdosed on anything with irreversible consequences (hopefully)
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Good call with APM
				- 2. Good workout
				- 3. Good clarification of GTD stuff
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- Not special, but there is also nothing wrong with me.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # Evening Pages
		- I still feel properly deflated and must have fallen asleep or gotten close to it at least 3 or 4 times today. Maybe the issue lies in lying down in bed? Or not actually working on something concrete (zoning out on Youtube is not work)? Or perhaps it was the lack of exercise...
		  Maybe I have a real and true internet addiction. Too much information and not enough focus. More cold showers. Less defeatist thinking. More tangible progress toward goals (self-reinforcing). More organization with GTD and a second brain that you can ACTUALLY TRUST. Otherwise anxiety abounds. Too many broken promises.
		-