- [[Morning Pages]]
  collapsed:: true
	- 06:25 Last night was rough sleeping. I think I may have overdone the 4F-MPH and specially overdone it too late in the day. I felt to strung out, so fried. Like my mind was empty though I was getting things done. For the last while, it really has felt like I am drained, constantly distracted, and never really connected with what I am doing. A creeping sense of alienation, or perhaps depersonalization, is following me. Partially, this is making me feel like Patrick Bateman from American Psycho, the mask-wearer under which there is no substance. Perhaps the lack of meaningful social interaction might be a cause, as when I am around other people and friends, either my true self, or a mask of that self, leaps out and smoothly takes the wheel. Almost immediately when I am once again left alone, the mask yields control and the dread returns. Am I just some kind of low-IQ extrovert who can't live without constantly being around others, evaluating reality through the lens of social consequences like some woman?
	  If that were the case, I would not have survived in São Paulo, although even there, I regularly saw my family and other gym-goers, even if I spent all day at home. Humans are social beings, after all, and I think only the autistic can survive purely with themselves for extended periods of time. Actually, I take that back - cowboys did just this, though they had the sun and wind, the cattle and nature to provide a holy companionship that one took communion with by roughing it out. Trapped in a cage and staring at a screen all day, one is robbed of even this connection with the divine.
	  How much more of this work will ever lead to (literally) greener pastures? Do I want to be stuck sitting at a desk for the rest of my working career? I have a sinking feeling that the choices and directions I am aiming in professionally will preclude me from ever having time to really develop manly skills and proper outdoorsmanship. This not only deprives me but also my sons from ever learning these things from their father, and God forbid their mother has to teach them how to change a lightbulb. Am I becoming a bugman? Am I already one? Even though my thoughts are very far from it, only one's thoughts are legible to the world. Maybe I should ask myself what kind of daily actions I see true virtuous (in the classical sense) dissidents partaking in daily and tally up my own score. I have a feeling that even though I might stack up well compared to the average man out there, Manliness is not defined by the average, but by the exceptional, and damn it, I want to be exceptional.
	  It is still dark outside and will be staying so later and later early morning as we approach the equinox. There is a latent and constant anger within me, and it feels dangerously righteous. I am angry at all the evil the world perpetuates against beauty, strength, and virtue. The worst part is that, save for a few scattered kindred spirits and anonymous strangers on the internet, I feel completely alone in these thoughts. It is strange to feel more in sync with anons than with most of the people you meet daily. Perhaps this loneliness, which is one I have had to bear for nearly a decade now, is the underlying cause of my malaise. I thought for a while that I had successfully embraced the pain and learned to live with it, but fear to have been wrong. It is becoming unbearable as the degree of wickedness and insanity ramps up. The best I can currently do is accept the pain and carry on, but something that is in my control is who I associate with. While Aster's judgement of Wolbodo and Tamara is somewhat simple and even childish, it is also correct in a more fundamental sense - bless that female instinct. The drugs themselves are not really the problem, as I am likely more of a fiend than most in her social circles, but rather the life paths and styles these people choose. Hedonism, childlessness, and infantility well into their 30s, all products of excessive comfort and no real hard decisions to make as well implicit atheism. Despite perhaps being professionally successful, they become nothing more than cannon fodder for the consumerist meat grinder. The deviant, party-hard aspect of their lives lead them to believe themselves to be somehow countercultural when they are anything but.  As Tamara best put it herself, Dutch schlager is "simple music for small minds". Does listening to techno somehow make you enlightened? Are you a modern boddhisatva for enjoying music that has become massively mainstream and popular in the last 10 years? I don't think so. Drugs are not a guarantee of transcendence, and although they can be gateways to transcendence if properly applied, their trap is a premature sensation of arrival at wisdom which has all the emotional baggage but none of the substance. I readily admit I have fallen for the same trap and now feel like a fool for my previous attitude toward them. This does not mean I am swearing off drugs forever - in a sense, I think I will forever be chained to my need for extreme experiences and devilish curiosity. The cat has long been dead. Rather, I must disconnect them from specific lifestyles, actions, and crowds. It can also be argued that the only reason I turned to drugs to satisfy these drives was for a lack of connection to the sacred, communion with nature, and true community. Hopefully I will one day have friends that I would truly take a bullet for, because it currently doesn't feel like I have many. And this, for a man, it anathema for a sense of belonging. No man is an island unto himself.
	  With these words, I now leave you, it, whatever I am addressing in these entries to attend to your own devices. It is always a pleasure chatting, and I should have done it sooner and more often. Perhaps one day I will sleuth out what is on the other side of the paragraphs, what lurks behind the mirror of words.
	-
- [[Tracks]]
	- Tigerskin - Peter's Secret Weapon
- [[Evening Pages]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Today I ended up not going to the gym or re-potting Aster's plants. However, I did get some solid notetaking done for Fundamentals of Astrodynamics and essentially finished next week's Planetary Science I assignment, which means I don't need to work on it at all for two weeks. I also did groceries and cooked myself enough food for two days in not much more time than it would take me to cook for one. All in all, not that bad. I must make sure to not let Aster's plants die, since it would be a shame and she would likely not take too kindly to it. I also got contacted by the coordinator of the Aerospace Startup program who seemed quite enthusiastic about our concept. That would be another pile on my plate, and I honestly don't know if I can handle much more. I am starting to feel a bit like a zombie, but to be fair, the loneliness of sitting in my room all day likely doesn't help. Yesterday I blocked out the entire week down the 15 minute increments, and while the security of knowing I don't have to think about what to do is nice, it also made me realize I literally do not have time for any "fun" activites. There is only the desk, the gym, and these entries to vent to.
	  I wonder if this will continue as life goes on. Will my 20's be defined by sitting alone at a desk? Will the rest of my life? I cannot let this happen. And yet, if I really want to make it the way I had set out to do - getting really and properly rich before turning 30 - I am going to have to endure it. But endure is a weak word - I must brave it as one would the bush. It is only through pain and suffering that males become men, but there are different types of pain, and not all lead to the kind of strength our current world will require. Where is the boxing? Where is the jiu-jitsu? Where is the shooting and bomb-making? These terroristic fantasies of mine are so delightful and yet feel so far-fetched. I wonder if I would even make a good terrorist, whether I would snitch on my comrades if they put my balls in a vice. You can never know until it's too late.
	  There is a certain Odinic element that I recognize will always be a part of me - some spirit that longs for madness, ecstatic transformation, and sublimation within the aether. The raving lunatic who carelessly goes forth. I think it is this ghost that drove me to parties and electronic music, but he is always fed when I am deadlifting listening to Pantera. Perhaps the despondence I feel is the atrophy of the wolf inside, who, knowing he is not needed, has retreated to his den and only gets up to pee in a corner. Great acts of courage and nonsense would surely wake the beast, but I am not sure what I could even fit in my schedule. That is such a gay thing to say - what the hell is going on? I am becoming boring: fake and ghey. Though I must remember that for a long time, and still somewhat, I defined my non-boringness through hedonistic indulgence. This does not need to be the case, and I wonder what other outlets truly exist today for men. No wonder they are all spiritually impotent while women surge forward; a total reverse of polarity.
	  Yesterday I heard a summary of Teddy Roosevelt's life and it struck a deep chord. I was unaware that he spent 10 years in the Wild West as a cowboy, and yet this perfectly explains the figure in his later life that became so well-known. The fact is that he transformed himself through wrestling, boxing and hiking into the great man that the world remembers today still. I always thought that the juxtaposition between high-tech work and entrepreneurship, and rough, rural living that feeds the soul and body was a settled matter in my priority scheme. Obviously, my professional and aspirational goals regarding space development would always trump such idyllic fantasies. That balance is beginning to shift now. I have not been hiking properly since going up our mountain last December, and that was only a two-hour walk and single night stay. It has literally been years since I have been physically challenged the way I was during my time at Scouts, and I can feel the consequences. A sense of alienation. More fake and ghey thoughts. More neurosis. Less calm confidence. Less carefree smiles and can-do attitude. I miss the wild, and I think it misses me too. I have had an overdose of comfort and civilization. Monkeys only jack off when in cages.
	  Consider the vast lifestyle change I would need to effect in order to live the life I know will bring balance to the soul. I would need to move to a ranch with a large workshop. There would be such little time to make space happen. What is the point of getting rich and letting the soul die off? I used to believe with blind certainty that my happiness was uniquely tied to whatever outcomes I could enable in space, but this thought was formed during my teen age, when it still felt like I would stay young forever. Now that I can count off the number of years before having my first child on two hands, this childish conception of selfish satisfaction is no longer appropriate. Now that I have a girlfriend, I have to consider the balance of life for two and not only one.
	  I don't even know whether she is the right one, but she does have a lot going for her. She has only been used up marginally compared to the average girl. She seems to really and truly love me. Perhaps in a childish, somewhat unconscious manner, her beliefs and intuitions are in the right place, but I cannot truly expect her to have considered all her convictions like a man would. That is implicit feminism on my part, which is a symptom of the covert victory of the psyop being run globally. There are fundamental beliefs of mine which I feel like she will never understand, however, and I wonder whether it is appropriate of me to expect her to as opposed to chauvinistically and realistically admitting that she is incapable of it. Perhaps my own very intelligent mother has set an unrealistic standard, yet she too thinks selectively and emotionally. I think my parents get along so well because of my father's hippy-ish soul which means they can at least agree on all the matters ecological. My bond with Aster, the shared enthusiasm, is clearly rooted in engineering and technology. But is such a manly pursuit the ideal common point between the sexes? Does it mean I have to bring feminine touches of art, literature and poetry to the table? Who will teach the children how to change a lightbulb and who to use metaphors? I have long considered what the energy split of masculine and feminine essence is between Aster and myself. Masculine men attract feminine women. I think we are both closer to the middle than I would like - not because of the implications for her, but rather those for me. It means I am not as manly as I thought I was. She says that the reason she loves me is because I always treat her nice and make her feel good, and although she is clearly attracted sexually and often calls me hot and cute, I wonder whether her attraction is of the kind that a meathead would elicit. Do the primal alarm bells go off? After all, what ended up bonding us were the long post-coital conversations we had which bared my soul - but we cannot forget that I was coming over weekly to bang her in the first place. I think she would make a good mother  and love our children dearly, perhaps even spoil them to the extent that I permit it. However, there is the reality of cultural dilution that will inevitably occur. I cannot pass on three cultures by myself, no matter how hard I try, let alone three languages. Our children would be even more confused and mutted than I am, or perhaps less so, like Tristan and Artus, who are simply in denial about their Brazilian roots. I think this would be less of an issue if she was one of the three things I am, but her Belgian soul means her cultural background is, while not orthogonal, also not parallel. It is tangent to German, and close enough, but not quite there. I considered perhaps remedying this by inviting my mother to stay with us and help take of the children - unfortunately, I don't think Geertrui will be around by then.
	  
	  I think that's enough for today. It's already past my bedtime and I have a long day ahead tomorrow. Hopefully, I will make some more progress on Fundamentals of Astrodynamics and move on to the card-making and exercise doing stage by next week. The time will be taken up by work on the Materials assignment anyway. If I get lucky, I can finish my Robotics assignment and re-pot the plants, as well as get a killer workout in.
	  
	  Our chats are always nice. Even though there is never a response, I always feel I am being answered. Although writing in the second person to myself might look weird from the outside, it feels natural, even comfy. Perhaps this betrays a sense of inner separation, an alienation between the different parts of the psyche.