- [[Morning Pages]]
	- 16:36 As you can tell, this is not being written that early in the day - yesterday evening featured some light drinking and much cavorting with the boys. That is not the main topic at hand, though.
	  Yesterday was essentially lost to a sad display of the lowest kind of procrastination - not the higher sort which delays urgent tasks for important ones, but rather replaces necessary work with endless distraction of the mediatic type. Accompanying this frenzy to be entertained (or "infotained" to at least keep some rationalization value in the educational outcomes of the distraction), a progressively more schizophrenic split attention span slowly reduces one to a content-absorbing amoeba, blasted through all senses with input regardless of quality or relevance. The more one spreads out one's attention, the more shallow the interaction with any medium becomes, and this shallowness begins to spread to all other facets of life, and one's emotional experience of the world. Nothing is felt deeply, just like no idea is thought about for too long. This self-inflicted schizophrenia might well be one of the sources of my general malaise and sense of alienation from reality. The divine connection I previously felt as self-evidently as the oldest instincts of our species, as a strong stirring in the marrow, seems to have been corroded by a combination of factors. If this continues, my lack of fundamental drive to achieve these aspirational goals will be my undoing as I spiral out to easier, lower and cheaper forms of procrastination and life-wasting. This must be prevented at all costs, and although one could construe the current self-reflection as itself an act of procrastination, it has become obvious that I have been doing too much useless neurotic ruminating purely in my mind, and not enough serious self-reflecting with a trail to leave behind as evidence to be judged. So let us deal with some of the issues factoring into this possibly existential crisis.
	  Why am I doing all of this? What is my ultimate goal? Why are my goals important to myself? The original seed of inspiration was largely an aesthetic one contained in the image of the astronaut Cooper and his heroic self-sacrifice for his family and race. The bravery encapsuled in this archetypal package very likely aroused in me an effect similar to that felt by young men of the past when hearing the tales of Siegfried or Heracles. The unattainable Vorbild is implanted into the psyche and forms a positive direction for the overall development of personality and character. This aesthetic and archetype manifested itself in my mid to late teens in a kind of megalomaniacal aspiration to be the first man on Mars, but at some point it was diluted by rational thought and self-limiting narratives of impracticality and a dose of realism. At some point, the rationalizations for this readjustment of dreams began to be validated by newfound experience and knowledge, and my life narrative refined itself to find more concrete goals that would fulfill the same aesthetic mis-en-scene in a more abstract sense. The latest outcome of this process is the idea of retiring on the Moon and a shunning of Mars as an unrealistic, and thus stupid, aim over one's lifetime of professional efforts. The feeling I cannot get rid of is that this entire readjustment has been nothing more than a great exercise in settling for less - but an obvious retort is that this actually represents a maturation out of childish fantasies and into an alignment of desires with reality, without which there would be no possible tangible technical progress, and only artistic masturbation for nerds.
	  I think the main source of my recent procrastination, and indeed that of much of my career in this art of deferral, is the fear of failure and specially the external perception of my failure. I even confronted this openly last Wednesday at the Ready to Startup lecture when the Sales expert asked us who was afraid of making mistakes due to perfectionism. I raised my hand, prompting him to dig deeper. It was actually surprising to see my involuntary willingness to share these intimate insecurities, but I think the recent instances of showing vulnerability to my mother and girlfriend primed me for it. 
	  17:57 After some more procrastination through groceries and a feral demolishing of a chunk of raw bacon, I watched two Einzelgänger videos, one on courage, and the other on Paradoxical Intention (Viktor Frankl's method for defeating neuroses.) Reflecting on the latter led to a potentially deep realization. Part of the problem when it comes to my intermittently neurotic relationship with my professional goals in space is that my identity and sense of place in this world are so fundamentally tied to the fruits of my career. Every single decision and action affecting these outcomes are weighed monumentally more than those not obviously relevant to space. This immense attributed significance creates all of the derivative responses of body and mind, which can include great joy, determination, and passion, but also anxiety, perfectionism, and endless rumination leading to inaction and timidity. The truth is that life encompasses more than just one's career; as the great sage Durden said, "You are not your job, you are not your car, you are not the contents of your wallet." I am more, and can be remembered for more, than my contributions to space development. I can also be a father and family man, a builder in the most general sense, a voice in the storm of public debate, simply a human being with personal tastes and pleasures and curiosity for obscurities and marginalia. Have I forgotten all of my other sides? Indeed, many of them have wilted or atrophied in the last 2 years due to a slowly encroaching academic workload - but this is not a sufficient explanation, since my time has always existed and has simply been re-prioritized away from non-work.
	  I think it would be valuable to undertake a Ferrissish exercise and examine the worst-case scenario for that which causes my anxiety and fear. I think the worst possible outcome (at least according to my ego) is to be seen as a hack, as stupid and forever an amateur when it comes to space. Unoriginal, a hype-beast, never scratching beyond the surface of pop-science. This is the view taken by those who know, and I suppose I would also care how I am seen by the unwashed masses - I tell myself I don't, but am also unsure of exactly what perception would hurt the most. But what am I saying? Even if, on the outside, I were revered and respected by all of my heroes, this could simply be the result of a carefully manipulated image, much like depressed and lonely Instawhores project incredible and exciting lifestyles on their feeds. An even worse fate, and much more unnegotiable one, is that I MYSELF see myself not as a hack or phony, but as someone who never even tried and could have achieved more if the shell had been broken out of. I think a spiritual death sentence would be **unrealized potential due to a lack of courage.** 
	  Read that again: **MY GREATEST FEAR IS NEVER REALIZING MY POTENTIAL FOR A LACK OF TRYING.**
	  Let's say none of my visions for space ever come true - a meteor hits, we flood ourselves to death, the world devolves to a global Rwanda... the reasons for such disaster are endless. I would eventually make peace with this and move on - my desire to make an impact would find other outlets and the struggle for survival would keep us all busy. This would still be less bad than if some or all of my dreams came true due to no effort of mine, and I was simply watching from the sidelines, stuck in my own head.
	  You are afraid of rejection, being deemed so worthless that others don't even find the time to reject you outright and simply ignore you. In the vast majority of cases where you have been ignored, it was not even the case, and likely they themselves were too busy to attend to you. Even if they deemed you worthless - so what? No one person is so influential or powerful that their indifference toward you will spell your professional doom, and even if it did - so what? You are not your job. Even if you said something so socially unacceptable or pissed someone off so much that indifference morphed into hatred - so what? Do you want to spend the rest of your life not having enemies? If anything, that should be a sign that you are not living life fully enough, and not imposing your will. How can you possibly entertain fantasies of violent insurgence and battle against ZOG if you can't even take some criticism from people who don't even know you?
	  Another point to be made: the last dose of 4F-MPH I took was this Monday, and it's possible that the withdrawal from the increasing doses I took over about a week and a half has something to do with my current mental state.
	  Now that you are fully aware that you fear rejection due to excessive attachment to outcomes of systems much larger than you and out of your control, there are some reminders and habits that can be distilled:
		- Every day, you MUST reach out to someone you feel is out of your prestige league.
		  Every day, you MUST practice letting go of the expectations of others and do something that you know might elicit negative reactions.
		  Every day, you MUST cultivate yourself outside of your academic/professional world and actively do something that YOU find valuable and worthwhile. Not thinking about it or daydreaming, DOING.
		  Every day, you MUST consider the worst case scenario for some situation that is causing you anxiety and spell out what the actual risks are versus the imagined ones.
		  Every day, you MUST test the limits of your body and feel some sort of pain. Pain is good, pain is weakness leaving you.
		  Every day
-