title:: 03.06.2022

- Accidentally pinned test, now I have to make the most of it: [[TRT maximization protocol]]
- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		-
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # Evening Pages
		- #TRT Feeling a bit of butt pain now after the injection (several hours after), and also successfully pinned myself with IGF-1-LR3, which is the first time I've ever stuck a needle in myself. To be fair, it's a thin one, and the site only hurts a little and has a small red bump (hopefully I didn't fuck up the needle or anything). I can't believe I'm actually doing this, but I should have paid closer attention to the name of the substance the Dr. said and done my research beforehand. Maybe I should do some enclomiphene when I get my hands on it and have a structure for a bulk? I really don't want to end up depending on exogenous hormones for the rest of my life. There is also the very real possibility of feeling like a fraud forever, but since my gains will be limited to what I can do in a month, there will be natural progess down the line I can be proud of.
		- #drugs #cocaine Then there is the rest of this last week to reflect on. I bought 3 grams of cocaine from Mateus' dealer on Tuesday evening for 180 BRL and then proceeded to immediately use some in the bathroom of the Habib's next to the Jabaquara terminal. I ordered some Sfiha's to mask my intentions in remaining at the establishment, and went into the bathroom once or twice to key up again before leaving. That evening I somehow constrained myself and slept after a beer, waking up late but somewhat refreshed. Wednesday was possibly my most degenerate moment ever in terms of drug use - I was hiding away in the bathroom to snort around every hour or so, and even went to the aesthetician's clinic for my semi-regular abdominal electroshock therapy... all while quite buzzed. Specially so before enduring this strangely masochistic pleasure of forced electric contraction, since I downed two fat lines right before. Then I walked up to Paulista in a cold sweat, semi-paranoid all the time about the potential state of my nostrils, which had of course been triple-checked immediately after every dose in the name of survival (of the illusion that all was well). The destination was that Syrian/Lybian tobacco huckster that had delivered the last time I wanted a now-illegal disposable vape - a different salesman greeted me, and offered versions even more ridiculous and high-powered than the one bought the week before for our final big coke-and-champagne evening. I chose the pink, gummy-drop-flavored, Rick and Morty themed beast with a total of 5200 puffs - another 150 bucks down the drain - but my body could not handle the lack of nicotine in its dopamine rollercoaster state. That evening I set several endpoints for the madness, but my inertia was too strong, the central nervous system had been conditioned for too long to expect continuous euphoria and would accept no deceleration. Obviously, the peak of this so-called joy was the sad attempt of masturbating with a wet noodle and bad wifi, both of which made that sad habit last nearly an hour both evenings. At some point at 10 PM, disgusted with myself on physical and metaphysical levels, I took a shower, some magnesium, and calmed down listening to an Alan Watts lecture - I had beat the beast deep in my nose, or so I thought. One lecture went by, then another, and the realization dawned upon me that sleep would be impossible. The calm could not be sustained, and anxiety would come back with a vengeance and keep me up anyway. Sometime at 1:30, I decided to do more just.... because I might as well. So the rollercoaster started creeping up the first hill again, and on that ride, I read the entirety of Estrogeneration, and excellent book on xenoestrogens, their dangers, and where they are found (everywhere). My father was to arrive by bus at some point at six, and so I had to transition to a state of situational alertness to sounds of cars, footsteps, and doors, lest he peek in my room and see the destruction I had wrought. I even warned him via text that I would be asleep to really sell my forced immobility under the pillow that would hopefully hide my violated nose, blood-shot eyes, and yellowing skin. This necessary awareness quickly became paranoia and turned any slight stimulus into potential alarm, and this feedback loop, potentialized by sleep deprivation, actually caused some interesting yet frightening auditory hallucinations: a sort of background crackle that morphed into people arguing, punk rock, and other white-noise analogues. He arrived around 7:20 and I hit the hay, even falling for a bit into a crude mockery of sleep hounded by the desire for cocaine and nicotine but bound by the possibility that movement and sound might break the illusion of my sleep. Once he began to snore, the game was back on, and the rest of Thursday was the now sleep deprived continuation of the previous day's excess. He had a guest and a trade fair to attend to, and I spent most of the day unmolested, actually working on our future collaborative learning project and making slight progress. I felt truly retarded; finding words was near impossible, my vision was parched, my lips cracked, my joints red, swollen, and aching, and my tongue completely caked with vape juice and tasting like gummy drops aged in battery acid. These states progressed as the day went on, and I dreaded my father's return and the expected shared dinner where I would have nowhere to hide. All this time I had also been (easily) fasting, and the idea of food was still too alien to a body now running on pure big dick energy. I don't know where and when the end of this fiasco would have been were my stash never to run out, but my own depravity became my saving grace, because the bottom of the baggy coincided with around 5 o'clock that day. Early enough to hope for sleep, and late enough to make it through the afternoon. Beers were cracked with grandma to elevate the last catterpillars to cocaethylene, but the high was spent fixing code issues with repositories and finicky libraries - a waste, maybe, but it was the best I could do. After all, the range of things I could still focus on without completely wasting my time had shrunk tremendously. Dinner (rejected intellectually but desired at a primal level), forced and broken conversation, and excuses to quickly visit the bedroom to vape once or twice got me through the rest of the evening, when I watched the first half of the Norseman with my father. Sleep came eventually and delivered me from this hell of my own creation. Today, the headache, general weakness, and strained lungs still lingered - I wiped eyesand out of the corners of my peepers that felt more like globs of dried mucus and still heard a distinct ringing in my right ear. What have I learned from all of this? First of all, that I am not above the real danger of slipping into addiction -  it only took a day or two to completely spiral out of control. I have the sensation of having dipped my toes into the oozing muck of a junkie's life, only getting wet up to my ankle while they are up to their necks. There is a level of empathy I can now extend to the lost people that could never have been conjured from hearsay or hypotheticals - there is no story that can replace living it yourself. All things considered, it could have been much worse: no overdose, no medical condition (as of yet), no getting caught, and no regrettable online communication - I even called my girlfriend three times and patiently made polite conversation. I got away with it superficially, but the true price will likely only be paid down the line when my heart or liver start coughing up old scars. Overall, I think that pleasure, itself and for its own sake, is both overrated and not really worth it, especially with such a price tag. It is easy to understand why cocaine is one of the more popular drugs on the planet - it does not warp your reality or necessarily give you insight, it does not transport you away from your troubles. Cocaine is an excess of reality: you're going to be here and now, and you're going to like it. Even if here is some cramped bathroom stall with your co-conspirator and now is 6 AM.