- [[Morning Pages]]
	- It feels like these journal entries are a distinct place that one returns to, somewhat like the realm one recognizes upon once again taking psychedelics. While the latter is a physical space undescribeable by human geometry, the former feels more like a kind of spiritual waiting room - a backrooms-style limbo where the only interlocutor is oneself. This image of entering a physical space upon speaking to oneself through writing begs the question of who exactly is being addressed, which possibly is the motor for the contemplative nature of such encounters. By trying to decode the identity of our conversation partner, we discover ourselves simultaneously, since both are the same person. But I digress.
	- There are several topics bubbling under the surface that must be expressed in the waiting room before they can can duly be processed.
		- The inner conflict between the Will to Comfort and the Will to Power
			- Yesterday, I listened to an excellent podcast by an Irishman called Boyo. In it, he outlines these two Wills as basic instincts within men that have always been at war, and are now hitting a breaking point as the Will to Comfort has established itself widely in society, and the Will to Power rears its head in disgust, trying to reassert itself in fits and spasms. Men do not even know who to look towards nowadays for inspiration in their own quests toward ascendance as they have been deprived of spiritually sound Archetypes. Additionally, they have been deprived of initiation through societal rituals, and the rites of passage toward adulthood we most commonly find the young undergoing are acts of self-destruction and degeneracy, like drug use. I myself am very much a part and product of this state of affairs, and as time goes on, I find myself increasingly questioning the cynical discoveries I held dear by understanding their origin in the larger Matrix of our system.
			- These two Wills and their prominence in the collective unconscious are a function of the circumstances of the people that incarnate them - the old cycle of strong and weak mean, and respective good and bad times. It is clear that we are leaving the times that accommodate the Will to Comfort as an acceptable spiritual directive, as the means to entertain and exercise it become ever more extreme, as do the consequences. Every sin can be fed with more ease and intensity, but the hidden price paid grows as the structures allowing them crumble around us.
			- One point made in the podcast is that, deprived of codified rituals and initiation rites, men who recognize and feed the Will to Power must do so on their own. This is immensely difficult for a variety of reasons - one does not know where to look and what to do. Do we look into the past to find men of honor to emulate? Their circumstances are not the same as ours, and we are not operating in the same cultural and physical constraints as they were, thus making mere emulation a sub ideal strategy. Take what works, and adapt it to your reality.
			- I find myself in a similar situation, and have for nearly a decade now ever since beginning to visit 4chan at the age of 14. The loneliness I have had to live with has caused a great deal of pain as well as paranoia. Even when some kindred spirit is found, or at least someone open to debating objectively, a constant assessment of how deep one can go is made. For every conversation, there is an ideal strategy and best tailoring of the collective of ideas held within that will cause the desired impact - a planting of a seed of doubt, an invitation to question previously held assumptions. Performing this calculation is mentally and spiritually taxing, for it makes one feel that true honesty is impossible, and thus true friendship alongside it. Ironically, as one begins to value truth more, the reality of widespread ideological cementation in our times' Zeitgeist forces one to be increasingly dishonest, or at least very selective about what truth to speak. Nothing would be more healing than to be able to let go of the façade, but such a leap could still spell doom.
			- Rounding back to the conflict of the Wills, there are marked ways in which I myself feel this. The most pressing of those is my use and abuse of substances. A fundamental question is whether my interest for drugs and stimulations is born out of a search for comfort or a search for hidden truth, like Odin at Mimir's Well. The drug-space can be divided up between them, and even then, there are confounding factors that modulate the intention, such as the activity undertaken during the experience, and who one does it with. Even more fundamental is the question of whether the desire for extreme experiences are an expression of a return to the spiritual womb or an exercise in strength and courage.
			  There are some easy answers: masturbation and nicotine have never been a search for Power. Perhaps not coincidentally, they have had the most enduring grip on my actions and caused me the most shame and regret. They are hungry monsters that will never stay fed. They are nothing more but the satisfactions of basic desires with no struggle or conquest attached, and lead nowhere but to more of themselves. Recently, my experience with cocaine showed that the devil's dust is of the same nature, and although my use of it was motivating to get good work done, this monster is one of the hungriest and will most definitely ruin your life.
		- The question of my future with Aster
		- The question of my relationship with Tamara
		- The search for other men on the same spiritual path as I
		-