title:: 07.03.2022

- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		- My dreams are getting wilder and wilder. This night I dreamt about a gay boy that tries to commit suicide by jumping off a cliff into a cave and ends up falling all the way into the center of the Earth, where a beach-ball sized eyeball saves him through its magical powers. Turns out this eyeball is the source of all emotions for humans, and when the boy's tyrannical father sends a mercenary Duke Nukem type fellow to fetch his son, he bottles up the eyeball and starts wreaking havoc on the local populace. I wonder whether this eye has something to do with the Eye of Horus from Freemasonic symbology?
		- Yesterday evening was a major test of willpower once the intrusive sexual thoughts began to enter my headspace. I had to re-activate Freedom's permissions to block Mimi, and even then, I always had the choice of simply opening Pornhub on my computer. It is dawning on me that it really is a kind of waking dream in which we make the kinds of decisions that cause us to relapse, and being in this state does not even feel like a departure from reality. It is only when you have left it that you can clearly see just how animalesque your behavior was. I hope that today will be easier, although I must admit that if I don't get good at transmuting this energy soon, I will have to find release one way or another.
		- This morning during meditation, I found that picturing the beauty, mystery and danger of lunar development came easily to mind. I don't know whether it is the vitamins I am taking at night, the solid sleep I am getting, or the abstinence from lower-frequency distractions I am keeping to that are allowing me to sense the higher nature of both the inside and outside of my mind. Hopefully, the full extent of my passion for the Moon can be rekindled with enough love poured in.
		-
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
		-
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Having dreams that I can remember at all!
				- 2. A dark room wherein I can sleep properly
				- 3. Being able to work from home most days
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Getting some serious work done
				- 2. Getting in a great workout and then having lunch
				- 3. Spending at least 3 hours in a Pomodoro flow state
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- more than just my body and immediate experiences.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # Evening Pages
		-