title:: 25.02.2022

- 06:59 Meditated this morning for the first time in forever, was very restless and couldn't even keep my body still, much less focus on my breathing. Pent up stress, or maybe just a very distracted mind?
- 08:17 Finished morning routine in the better part of nearly 2 hours, shaved and everything, only a bit left on my neck, find solution with razor blades?
- 10:05 Just bought a shit-ton of stuff online, around 1000 reais. T-shirts, pants, vitamin D, magnesium, and apigenin, a head harness, a Philips One Blade (like the one Luciano has), and a lock for the gym. Pretty good overall, although the apigenin was quite expensive, hopefully it will be worth it. My sleep is currently beyond fucked
- 10:51 Wrote an email to Simon van Benten about my next job in Delft
-
-
- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		- Finally getting back into this whole journaling thing, it feels good to be back to my previously productive self (or at least consistently self-respecting). My sleep hasn't been the best since starting work (initially I thought it was stress, but then I realized I shouldn't be that stressed out and am left wondering what exactly it might be), and I have been waking consistently at around 3 AM, which would be 7 AM in Holland. However, I was actually waking at 9-10 AM there, or 5-6 here, which perplexes me. I think I might try the Huberman-recommended cocktail of apigenin, magnesium threonate, and l-theanine. Hopefully that will knock me out every day.
		- Aside from that, yesterday was the first time I went to the gym in around 2 months as well. Hopefully I can make good use of the cheap food and relaxed schedule to put on some serious mass here, and build the habits that will then be carried through to my Masters. I have noticed a pattern with high- and low-energy periods, namely that I lose all my momentum in the low ones and have a hell of a time building momentum from scratch once the work starts again. Call it a high static friction coefficient for productivity.
		- There is no good reason why one should cease good practices during one's holidays, but the truth is that through travel and other things, the circumstances to carry out habits are potentially removed. So, what to do? I think the answer lies in the miniaturization of one's habits: finding the most portable and practical tools and resources needed to stay on the ball, and bring them everywhere, maintaining the core of one's progress going.
		- Aster is a very nice girl and clearly loves me enough to overlook my many flaws and time's I've hurt her on purpose or accidentally. I need to remember she is not the only girl out there with a good personality, although she does strike an intersection of traits that is increasingly difficult to find in young women these days.
		- Living with my grandmother has thus far proven comfy, and good for my mental health. I should not allow myself to slip into my lowest version, because this place has the potential to elevate me beyond my average in Delft.
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
		-
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. My cool new phone that does everything I want it to
				- 2. My bosses that are chill with me and trust me to work alone
				- 3. The fact that there are gyms within walking distance from both home and work
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Staying away from the sinning
				- 2. Actually getting a good few hours of work done
				- 3. Having a good time at the get-together tomorrow
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- capable and willing.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # Evening Pages
		-