title:: 04.06.2022

- #dream Just slept another 2-ish hours and woke up at 09:27 - weird dream about a whole family trip, Tom and co. being somewhere else, having a pool-orgy in a tower in Scotland with some girls from a year below me from school, then going to Bobolund and finding the house completely empty, renovated with blue-green ceramic like tiling, dusty (from renovation), and a morphed version of Cali's dogs that had learned to wipe their feet on a carpet before entering home. Walked inside and saw an empty hospital bed with IV tubing and a mouth guard next to it. Also, Johnny Sins was in there somewhere when I thought how good he looked (?)
- Got quite tired after lunch at around 15:30, 16:00 and slept again until around 17:00. Weird dreams about incomplete projects and wayward penguins throwing up all over the inside of some pod and messing up our exploration dreams. Feeling somewhat drowsy and tired all day, workout was hard and I undershot my past lifts, felt quite sweaty near beginning but evened out, now even feeling intra-day DOMS which never used to happen.
- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		- #TRT Woke up at 4:40 feeling awake and refreshed, even though I only fell asleep at like 11:30. Must be the IGF. No test sides except for a now more sore buttock, which is making it somewhat uncomfortable to sit - maybe deadlift instead of squatting, or more upper body work today? #dream Had quite a sexual dream again and a hardon during it, thoughts of infidelity abounded. Did not feel very motivated to leave bed because of the preceding two weeks of slacking off and the cold outside, had breakfast at 6:30 anyway. Feel the hunger coming back slowly but surely, now the fear is of a lack of food in the house that isn't bread and butter.
		- Two days ago heard [[Payload]]'s first podcast with the CEO of [[Axiom Space]] where they discuss the aims of the company and the plan for the next ten years. Maybe I could email them and specifically ask for what electives I should do to get an internship with them? Maybe present the idea for the thesis and suggest it as tech to be developed in their ecosystem?
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # Evening Pages
		-