- 00:55 Just sent off the most recent version of [[How to price space resources at cislunar locations]] which I published using [[logseq-publish]] and [[Github Pages]] to [[Kirk Sorensen]]
- 02:40 Testing out a bunch of new [[logseq/plugins]] that I installed. Some have hotkey conflicts and hopefully I can actually make them useful...
- 03:10 Just heard [[logseq/machinelearning]] has [[NLP]] plans
- 03:19 Watching video on logseq queries {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9Xdj6WG_C0}}
  collapsed:: true
	- create using `/query` trigger
	- Filters
	  collapsed:: true
		- and
			- (and A B)
			- children inherit branch tags
			- each matching branch returns individually
			-
		- or
			- (or A B)
			- Either have to appear in search results
		- not
			- (and A (not B))
			- works on parents and children
		- between
			- (between start end)
			- start and end can be:
				- today|yesterday|tomorrow|now
				- +|- number y|m|w|d|h|min
				- date page links
		- property
			- (property type book)
- 05:32 Making a map of all the tools, topics, and projects I will be dealing with over the next period. Essentially creating a tag system with [[logseq/namespace]] hierarchies for subcategories and objects
	- #Topics
	  collapsed:: true
		- [[AI]]
		- [[Languages]]
			- [[Languages/English]]
			- [[Languages/German]]
			- [[Languages/Portuguese]]
			- [[Languages/French]]
			- [[Languages/Dutch]]
			- [[Languages/Spanish]]
			- [[Languages/Swedish]]
		- [[Entrepreneurship]]
		- [[Archaeology]]
		- [[Real Life Skills]]
		- [[Space]]
		- [[Philosophy]]
		- [[Engineering]]
		- [[Economics]]
		- [[Soft Skills]]
		- [[Music]]
		- [[Finance]]
		- [[History]]
		- [[Sociology]]
		- [[Logistics]]
		- [[Computer Science]]
		- [[Programming]]
		- [[Current Events]]
		- [[Political Theory]]
		- [[Mental Models]]
		- [[Mathematics]]
		- [[Machine Learning]]
		- [[Exercise Science]]
		- [[Health Optimalism]]
		- [[Cybersecurity]]
		- [[Radio Communications]]
	- #Projects
	  collapsed:: true
		- [[Language Acquisition]]
		- [[Space MSc.]]
		- [[Cislunar Pricing Model]]
		- [[Leads2b Job]]
		- [[Modeling]]
		- [[Career Advancement]]
		- [[Sonogravitas]]
		- [[exogravitas]]
		- [[Sports Betting App]]
		- [[NRS Reliability Engineering]]
		- [[Investing]]
		- [[Gilberto Newsletter]]
	- #Tools
	  collapsed:: true
		- Functions/Types:
			- [[News aggregator]]
			- [[Mobile capture]]
			- [[Cloud computing]]
			- [[Email publishing]]
			- [[Task management]]
			- [[Blog hosting]]
			- [[Website hosting]]
			- [[Email publishing]]
			- [[Code management]]
			- [[Code writing]]
			- [[E-reader]]
			- [[Instant Messaging]]
			- [[Live app hosting]]
			- [[Synced calendar]]
			- [[Spaced Repetition System]]
			- [[Workflow automation]]
			- [[Tabular data manipulation]]
			- [[Data storage]]
			- [[Social Media]]
		- Instances
			- [[Git]]
			- [[Gitlab]]
			- [[Github]]
			- [[logseq]]
			- [[Laptop]]
			- [[Mobile phone]]
			- [[Food]]
			- [[Supplements]]
			- [[Training gear]]
			- [[Light therapy]]
	- [[Sources]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Properties:
			- Author [[Person]]
			- Topics
			- Tools
		- Types:
			- [[Newsletters]]
			- [[Books]]
			- [[Journals]]
			- [[Newspapers]]
			- [[Podcasts]]
			- [[Blogs]]
			- [[Textbook]]
			- [[Imageboard]]
			- [[News aggregator]]
			-
		- [[Hacker News]]
		- [[4chan]]
		- [[frenschan]]
		- [[Stackoverflow]]
		- [[Zerohedge]]
		- [[Wired]]
		- [[The Network State]]
		- [[Curtis Yarvin]]
		- [[Tim Ferriss]]
		- [[Youtube]]
		- [[Payload]]
		- [[Selenian Boondocks]]
		- [[TU Professors]]
		- [[Bloomberg]]
		- [[MSc. Material]]
	- [[References]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Types:
			- Quote
			- Image
			- Blog post
			- Article
			- Extract
			- Video
			-
	- [[Habits]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- [[Weightlifting]]
		- [[Cardio]]
		- [[Meditation]]
		- [[Journalling]]
		- [[Stretching]]
		- [[Piano]]
		- [[Eating Healthy]]
		- [[Hygiene]]
		- [[Poetry]]
		- [[Supplements]]
		- [[Relative Sobriety]]
		- [[Flashcard Practice]]
		- [[Skincare]]
		- [[Self-love]]
		- [[Nootropics]]
		-
		-
		-
	-
- 06:48 Watched this video about [[Notetaking]] {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpJ7wWohetg}}
- 06:50 Watched this [[Youtube]] video about combining work and personal processes inside one [[logseq]] graph {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN6iVp51b_Y}}
- 08:25 Still trying to figure out how to connect the right tools, projects, and processes without creating too much semantic complexity in the page and tag namespace of the graph.
	- Important tags to have:
		- #work
		- #school
		- organize to-do page in here
		  tags:: [[Computer Science]]
		  deadline:: [[23.07.2022]]
		  tool:: [[logseq]]
		  value:: 15
		  project::
		  Priority: [:span {:is "slider-swffxmdbdp"}]{{renderer :slider_swffxmdbdp}}
- 22:06 Watched this [[Youtube]] video from [[OneStutteringMind]] about [[logseq]] tips and tricks {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fnxq3iITAJk}}
	- When in doubt, default to the **Daily Journal**
	- Learn how [[logseq]] is manipulating your files
		- Maybe learn [[Markdown]] syntax properly?
	- Learn to use pages as nodes of association, not only as locations
		- *The file is the product* vs. *linking to pages* and info collected in references
		- [[Baker-baker paradox]]
			- man with surname Baker has name remembered more when he is also a baker due to [[Mnemonic Association]]
			- Add multiple associations for retrieval from different contexts
	- Tags and backlinks are the same thing, but impact how other programs use your files
		- e.g. [[Obsidian]] treats tags and backlinks differently
		- Tags for concepts added out of content, backlinks for objects (instances?) mentioned inline
		- hashtag plus square bracket = backlink with tag formatting
	- Leave clues for your future self
		- Everything should be judged by its effect on this process!
		- Links and tags for keywords for retrieval
	- Have a catch-all tag (for future processing) when categorization is too much work in the moment
	- Don't use built-in todo system
		- Backlink backlog page, then filter for next actions a la [[GTD]]
	- Learn to use [[logseq/hotkeys]] properly
	- Use the sidebars
		- Simultaneous processing?
	- Indent your blocks when information belongs together or expands on the information in the parent block
		- Sibling blocks don't see each other
		-
	- Clean up your pages with some [[Markdown]] headings
		-
- 22:26 I am currently on [[cocaine]] and have way too much for the time which I have to snort this. Normally a bender will have a burn rate of around 1 gram/day, but yesterday I got 1.5 grams and that lasted me from around 5 P.M. to noon today, which is equivalent to 1.89 grams every 24 hours. Indeed, that batch was ridiculously moreish, and beckoned my return every 15 minutes or so. I also succeeded at [[masturbation]] twice, which probably did not help stabilize my mood. When I ran out today, Dad was so kind as to bless me with a road trip across [[São Paulo]] and a dropoff at Av. Paulista, where Cidão made his last delivery to me for a long time. Anyhow, in order to not waste any coke, I'm going to have to snort around 0.2 grams per hour if we leave at 2 P.M.
- 22:34 Time for some #Poetry dedicated to [[Jaap]]
  collapsed:: true
	- What makes men laugh?
	  Quantum surprise, the thrill of mocked beliefs,
	  as all hold their breath and suspend disbelief
	  for a fleeting moment daring to question,
	  soon back to safety in cackles and snorts.
	  To please the stubborn, pain remains,
	  universal cue for the eternal hindbrain:
	  recoil, cringe, release, rejoice, reminisce...
	  celebrate the group's lack of ail.
	  Finally, the best of all: laughter unprovoked
	  born from the void, no need for jokes
	  embrace the comedy of Being itself
	  real tragedy kills laughter, folks.
- 23:12 More #Poetry , this time dedicated for the late birthday of [[Neil Richez]]
  collapsed:: true
	- The spark within
	  burns bright in youth
	  its fire rages unabashed
	  sweeping passion, doubt and sense
	  into the glorious flaming maw.
	  
	  *Self-improvement is masturbation*
	  as the wise man Durden spoke,
	  self-destruction serves the lightning
	  this "messiah" in men evokes.
	  
	  He may be right, but perhaps...
	  the real flame is not inside,
	  but waiting, weak within the gaps
	  cold and black, between us all
	  
	  Waiting to be lit and fed
	  through friendship's holy bond
	  A cool blue heat as Order spreads
	  Apollo wins (Dionysius in bed...)
	  
	  Our burden, friend, is the curse of a hungry flame
	  Which unless tamed daily, swallows whole
	  scorches the Will, and wins the game
	  played 'tween Right and Wrong, the prize our very soul
	  
	  This year, I wish for you
	  The strength to tame the fire, creating
	  A ghostly torch to light the way
	  give your friends a goal inspired
	  
	  by the nobility of your soul
	  and the coherence of your acts.
	  
	  Let us struggle side by side
	  to end chaos inside and out,
	  lending sparks when darkness falls, to
	  keep each other stubborn, striving
	  
	  through failure, sin and madness
	  through crisis, war and pain
	  through famine, plague and death
	  the flame never dies, because
	  it transcends our mortal breath
	  
	  As does my brother love for you.
	  
	  Yours always (and a late happy birthday),
	  Ulf
	-
- 00:26 Some more birthday #Poetry, this time for [[Silvio Peressini]] - although it's been nearly a month since
	- 04:08 Decided to postpone this one for Freek's first since I already wished Silvio happy birthday
	- 07:05 Let's get to this now that Freek's is done (after 2 hours of thesaurus surfing, nonetheless)
		- Day in, day out, savor ignorant bliss
		  Simplifications out the wazoo
		  Models squish the void down to cozy 3-D.
		  And what hubris, to call our theories "true"!
		  
		  Our perception is decoded by a lump of fat
		  Shaped by needs to eat, run and fuck
		  The notion of space, and the time we obey
		  Is just another one in the toolset
- 04:06 There is no way I'm going to finish all of this [[cocaine]] . Loath as I may be, I think I'll just have to throw it away at the airport... or hoop it. No, that's an unnecessary risk. Plus, are you really going to continue your bender **in the fucking airplane?**
- 04:10 Going to try my hand at [[masturbation]] again. Earlier today it just wasn't flowing, and I felt simultaneous boredom and disgust.
- 04:13 No way - I can't even get hard. That's what happens after nearly 30 hours of [[cocaine]] use. Nothing lost, though... why do I even do this? Am I just hanging on to premature exposure to explicit content and still acting on the 10-year-long brainwashing? Does this mean the [[Jews]] in [[porn]] won?
- 04:09 Full retard-mode #Poetry for [[Freek Kunz]]'s birthday earlier in July. Finished at 06:38... damn that took long.
  collapsed:: true
	- Man, thought freed from Mother
	  (She who watches from below)
	  He can't run from Nature's Laws,
	  Escape fate sealed in Her code
	  
	  Parsimony: that's the game
	  Do the least amount required
	  For the prize on which eyes aim
	  Save your strength - don't get too tired.
	  Work smart, not hard: so smart and lazy we became.
	  
	  Observe your fellow to attest
	  Whether it's still the case today
	  Changing minds is a still a quest
	  Changing habits, a melee
	  
	  That said, some weirdos in a corner
	  Chose ideals as a new start
	  Beat the path of least resistance
	  Trust the compass in their heart
	  
	  Some few think and act in sync
	  And thus inner peace have gained
	  Most speak self-conning promises
	  Sold out by their lizard brain
	  
	  Today we applaud the will to power
	  Of those few who beat their past:
	  Worldview transformed to reality
	  Through habits held steadfast.
	  
	  Whether their view is correct?
	  Not for us mere men to say.
	  Regardless of alignment
	  Staunch commitment is the way
	  To make dreams, held dear, come true
	  By embodying your ideal
	  The needed change begins with you
	  
	  Keep your fortitude of character
	  Guard it with all that you've got
	  Material wealth is robbed with ease
	  But your spirit, joy!, is not
	  
	  All the evil in that is known
	  Lives off apathetic crowds
	  Power's debt the devil owed, is
	  Paid through evil we allow
	  
	  Übermensch: the Will to Act
	  Our Shadow's greatest enemy
	  Their power the hope that they atttract
	  That someday we may all live free
	  
	  My dearest Freek, since when we met
	  I've pondered just what makes you *you*
	  But the near impossible joy you share
	  is not yet your best virtue
	  
	  My love you stole, the respect you earned
	  By loving all life equally
	  Renouncing their flesh by us burned
	  Any action less would hypocrisy be.
	  
	  I see you walking on down a path reaching high
	  Lessons to learn, maybe teach? We shall see
	  Hope is, in the moments we share in this life
	  Bits of your soul might just rub off on me.
	  
	  If what fate has in store
	  Is that we stay apart
	  Never to see each other again
	  
	  I will still have won
	  For my greatest gift
	  Is to somewhere, sometime,
	  if even for a brief, fleeting moment,
	  have had you as a friend
	  
	  May the ride never end.
	  
	  Happy Birthday and all the best from São Paulo (and see you soon in Delft!),
	  Ulf Kemmsies
	-
	-
- 06:51 Since I am already braindead, we might as well write some more #Poetry, this time for [[Dante Molento]]