title:: 25.03.2022

- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		- Yesterday afternoon was really bad. Once the idea of jerking off entered my mind, it did not let go, screaming in my ear like a banshee, much like a Ritalin comedown. I was literally pacing and huffing, trying to calm myself down. Eventually, I relented, but not before realizing :
			- a) How pathetic it was that I couldn't even control myself with a simple urge
			- b) How I would have folded immediately were I a POW with strategically sensitive information
			- c) That this is a serious problem I need to treat with respect - the trap here being to dismiss the severity of relapsing after enough sober time has been reached. Classic mistake
		- I should also remember not to judge myself too harshly and be compassionate to myself, or at least impersonal. Remember, this behavior pattern is NOT YOU, it is a Jewish mind virus you were exposed to at a young age and have been traumatized with repeatedly over the last 10 years. Just de-worm, brah
		- Had a great session at the gym, neck work takes so long to do!
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. The constant supply of good food in this house
				- 2. A green view outside my window
				- 3. To be in a neutral country in geopolitically difficult times
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Getting back to work faster from the gym today, not wasting time
				- 2. Immediately defaulting towards action instead of trying to think my way out of things
				- 3. Taking breaks often but with >30 min focus periods
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- a man of action!
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1. Learned about CuPy
				- 2. Actually solved my seemingly intractable problem
				- 3. Managed to start work at 7:30 and finish many hours later, tenacity shown
			- ### How could I have made today better?
				- Stopped earlier in order to have time to do something else, like messaging
	- # Evening Pages
		- Today was frustrating, but also awash in a general feeling of boredom with this place and house. It feels like I am trapped in here, and going to the gym is the most exciting part of my day. I should not forget that it is only by creating stable conditions that intellectual progress and creativity can abound. On the other hand, it is by living experiences that we grow and change our minds, and hiding away in an ivory tower to perfect one's routine and give the mind as much space as needed seems like the exact reason why many Westerners have turned out defective.
		- I am literally forgetting how to have fun, and must force myself to do so once in a while, if only to reward myself in the evenings after some hard work.
		- The thought of Aster and I being incompatible to family building bubbled up in my mind while taking a walk today - it is very much an intrusive thought that I cannot do much about for a good while, and should thus pack it nicely away into some corner of my brain where it can overflow destructively later.
		- This weekend is for clearing my communication debt to the several people I owe it to. The guilt is upsetting my ability to focus **and** relax
		- Mobility work is some physical activity I can do during the day that still allows me to move without detracting too much from my gains
		- Today, I did not drink coffee before my workout, and I felt just fine. My attention over the day was more due to the irritation with my coding, but nevertheless, I think the lowered cortisol levels will pay off as T gains.
		- I broke today while being frustrated with my code. I think I need to solve several problems here at once, since at present, this is my only release from work that I have been engaging with:
			- Have more fun, distracting things to do **instead** of jerknig off
			- Use cold showers as emergency brakes as needed
			- Try meditating for 10 minutes instead if that does not work
			- Remember that it's **NOT ABOUT YOU**
		-
- 07:34 Finished breakfast, gym, shower cycle. Noticed that not eating second breakfast after gym retains mental clarity and helps save time in order to get straight to work. Perhaps it is glycogen depletion? Managed to not have coffee today, hopefully I can keep it up. This will make it easier not to nap
- 12:58 Just had lunch, spent all morning trying to get recompra calculation to work, found out about CuPy that will speed up my execution massively
- 13:17 Just finished taking a walk around the block for digestion
- 13:18 Working on recompra problem still, making progress
- 15:18 Still working on the same damn thing... the ways things are looking, it's going to take a damned long time to calculate this
- Broke sometime around here, oof
- 18:00 Spoke to Pedro and asked for item code data, reduced compute times to 1 hour
- 19:00 Had dinner and 1 beer
- 19:23 Phone call with Aster
- 20:43 Finished writing Evening notes, heading to bed
-