- [[Poetry]]:
	- Christmas, Christmas, what a joy
	  'tis the day of gift and toy
	  but this modern holiday
	  was not always quite this way
	  
	  Though now we all celebrate
	  Jesus Christ's presumed birthdate
	  late December's always been
	  a time for laughter, food and kin
	  
	  The true motive which us binds
	  is length'ning nights we've left behind
	  past the Solstice, days now grow
	  the near-dead Sun returns to glow
	  
	  Saturnalia and Yule
	  Solstice days of ancient rule
	  though names and stories shift and sway
	  the central themes just won't decay
	  
	  That is to say, up until now
	  since, if you stand and look around
	  you'll find folks lost and out of touch
	  whose Solstice fun is buying much
	  
	  Sometimes I think about St. Nick
	  Our spending likely makes him sick
	  These days, his only real friend's
	  the Grinch, who stole, but did transcend.
	  
	  Joined they sit and watch the Whos
	  who, in their greed, their souls did lose.
	  Soon Santa joins, but sighs a tad:
	  he knows he's just a Cola ad.
	  
	  So if not buying stuff to tout
	  what is this holy day about?
	  Though I'm not sure, I'll share my view:
	  The Sun's rebirth's a stellar clue
	  
	  The season's pendulum has stopped
	  and in reverse begins to drop
	  The worst is past, this cold won't last,
	  our hope for warmth remains steadfast.
	  
	  As is above, so is below,
	  Watch the Sun and feel its flow
	  may its fire feed your growth,
	  stoke your power, urge new oaths!
	  
	  Let all of life revitalize!
	  Leave old weaknesses behind.
	  Shed dead leaves, bear new fruit
	  A fresh new year we all salute!
	  
	  So, get comfy in the frost,
	  enjoy those present and long-lost,
	  think of winters past and coming
	  reflect on who you are becoming.
	  
	  With that said, here end the wishes
	  I hoped to broadcast out this Christmas
	  Wherever you may today be
	  in hopes this poem brings you glee
	  
	  Sincerely,
	  to you from me.