title:: 26.03.2022

- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		- It occurred to me just how incredibly dominant English is in my intellectual life - I write in it, think in it, and default to it whenever I can. It is like a warm blanket of eloquence I can wrap myself in, a safe womb to return to. My luck that it's also been the lingua franca of the dying world order. The fact is that my linguistic potential is far greater, and both of my parents prove it. There is no reason why I should not be proficient in Swedish (the core is in my subconscious), Spanish (so close to PT-BR) and Dutch (very close to German, plus you live there!). Additionally, you already have a basis of French that can be rescued with use, and have strong incentives to learn Italian as well. If you play your cards right, you could communicate with most of Western Europe and the world they conquered.
			- Additionally, German and Portuguese are there, but still with sticking points. I would not be able to explain my complete thoughts in either language, and should not sound like a foreigner in them! This means using the language at a high, technical level regularly is required. Not just reading, but writing and speaking as well.
			- The latter is most difficult to arrange (and awkward to follow through with), but the former two can happen through an intelligent use of the "translate page" function of Google Translate (or through proper book selection), and by writing on these very Morning Pages in whatever language is lacking, then running it through a spellchecker.
			- Listening can also be accommodated by turning on the news (bleh) or perhaps movie sound files in other languages? This might have to stay on the shelf for a bit.
			- Most important of all is vocabulary practice, that is, getting those 1000 most common words down. This can easily be achieved through online word banks (and I even have it for Dutch already!)
		- Another idea that struck me (from Tim Ferriss' podcast with Rich Roll) is the practice from 12-Step addiction recovery programs of taking a mental inventory of emotions. That is, listing all your fears, resentments, consequences of mismanaged sexual energy, etc. I'll look it up now: [12 Step Worksheet](https://12steppers.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/12-Step-Worksheet.pdf)
			- I should work through this at some point, one question at a time. I feel it has been too long since I actually had a conversation with myself.
		- A dominating theme in my subconscious recently has been mounting anxiety of time passing, and the waning potential ahead of me that used to be the assured background of my mental state. "Anything is still possible," I thought, and so did not care what I did in the present, since it could still be fixed in this vast, unknowable, but probably good, future. The truth is that this future still exists, but the last few years I have spent in Delft (only 4, to be exact) were the first time I had an extended period at a near-adult level of consciousness, away from home, and mostly free to make my own choices. That awareness of time having passed, this block of past behind me, is partly the source of this anxiety. I am now out of the young-adult phase and solidly in the mid-20's one - the expectations and milestones have changed.
			- Of course, the adults in my life tell me I am still strikingly young, and have my whole life ahead of me. It certainly does not seem so - in just 7 years, I am planning on having my first child. A lot can happen in that time (I've barely been conscious for longer than that), but it now seems much closer than when I was 20.
			- Maybe I am lucky to be having this realization at an age where the possibility of turnaround is still there - whatever strategy I adopt for the coming decade will be allowed to accrue and yield exponential returns if I do it right. So what will my habits be - the constants that accumulate little by little every day?
				- I think that bodily integrity is definitely one of them - the basics: sleep, diet, exercise, supplementation. Add to this stress management, mental health (via meditation and radical truth telling), and constant learning.
	-
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Having access to the internet, in its infinite wisdom and insanity
				- 2. Defining a cardio and mobility practice to integrate with lifting
				- 3. Being self-aware to the point where I constantly question myself
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Actually clearing my karmic comms debt
				- 2. Being sure to write down everything I do
				- 3. Remembering to stay in the moment and enjoy the little things
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- Just a traveller in this strange, murky sea called life.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # Evening Pages
		-
- 04:48 Waking time, trying to get strong light in eyes as per Huberman, slept really well last night all things considered, woke at 2:30 and didn't really fall asleep again properly though
- 05:24 Had some brekkie and looked up light therapy glasses, I think that this might be the final key to my sleep problem and make me an easy 2:45 waker like our excon Lord and Saviour, Wes
- 05:46 Writing morning pages now, breakfast extended a bit, gym only opens at 8 today so I have time
- 06:29 Finished morning pages, looked up photobiomodulation, found this [website with studies and before/afters](https://www.myledtherapy.com/en/led-light-therapy/)
- 06:53 Bit the bullet and bought [This mask, equivalent in price to about 70 euros. Might get help to split costs with Neil once I get back to Delft](https://produto.mercadolivre.com.br/MLB-2032072717-mascara-led-7-cores-pescoco-fototerapia-_JM?variation=173703146381)
- 07:17 Turns out Photobiomodulation can also be used for the brain! [Link for tech developed](https://www.vielight.com/brain-photobiomodulation-devices/)
- 09:34 Back from gym and did some balltanning
- 09:49 Broke again... mindless
- 11:04 Just had 2 big plates of rice + beans + meat, going for walk, was watching this: {{youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRzhAZ6n_X4}}
-
- Heard all of the above while on walk, came home, broke again, took a shower, now going to work
- 13:33 Watched this video: {{youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fo6Eo9OEOk}}
- 14:03 Now finally getting around to answering texts, ate some cookies in a binge-y way...
- 14:28 Spent some time listening to the stuff on Yessin's channel. So proud of him that he's actually taking it forward!
- 14:29 Answering Maciej:
	- I meant frustration at the personal level as an element of learning and comprehension.
	  In the sense of an emotional reaction to conflicting information that potentially leads to a new insight if one is persistent enough and the information is intelligible.
	- In my impression, that paper is a weak proposal for a number of reasons that I had mentioned, even if there's something coherent or there are apparent regularities, there is a long way from there to establish a new paradigm,
	- but that's not, in my view, a result of any institutional friction, but rather very high standards set by what is encompassed in the notion of scientific methods nowadays.
	- Institutional frictions are a natural part of self-preservation, but they are also effectively balanced out and increasingly dominated by a global competition, so I would not consider them as the cause for this theory's lack of success.
	- Cosmological theories, or any scientific foundational theories, are always closely related to the contemporary philosophy, and if there is any inertia in the adoption of new paradigms, I would look for it there, and not at the institutional level.
	- Only 7 years ago, in Delft actually, it was confirmed for the first time since the invention of the QM that the world is nonlocal, and one of Einstein postulates was ultimately rejected. This proof is symbolic, but it has far reaching consequences for the philosophy and the future of science,
	- which is currently dominated by the notion of structural realism, https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/structural-realism/.
	- The structure part is important here, because it reflects how we evaluate theories nowadays.
	- The fact that SQK has some potential to explain certain phenomena does not guarantee that the theory holds within the structure of the rest of the knowledge. This is the major obstacle for everything else than the Standard Model and potentially an obstacle in general, but it is not prohibitive of evolution, as you may think. This is visible in the lack of aesthetics in the current theory of everything, which by some is considered displeasing.
	- Aesthetically pleasing theories are alluring to many because of how our minds work, but in the big picture of philosophy, they are only yet another candidate. Whether they best represent reality, which distinguishes them into a subset of theories relevant for the physics/nature, or whether they are purely synthetic concepts only valid as a tool for pure mathematics (good start: https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/philosophy-mathematics/) is only a question of the purpose. [instrumentalism, pragmatism]
	- How does this perspective make you understand what dominates and what perishes?
- 15:44 Wrote Yessin as well, calling Anibal
- 16:23 Texted Leo Pastinante back, call cancelled because Marta is feeling sick
- 16:35 Just checked my documents, and I think I left them in Delft (in Roman's room, of all places)
- Ended up going swimming with Carmen