title:: 28.03.2022

- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		- Yesterday evening I read a passage in Peterson's book that nearly brought me to tears. He said that self-hatred and contempt for one's own existence (and all of humanities') was perfectly understandable given our collective and individual capacity for cruelty for its own sake. I nearly cried because this contempt for myself, the low self-esteem, the nagging thoughts of inferiority, have been a constant for nearly the last ten years. No one else knows the depths of your own depravity as well as you do, and thus you hate yourself the most. I think my mother also feels similarly. All attempts of mine to achieve excellence and distinction through my acts and behavior are sabotaged in my mind by this negativity - suddenly, it all becomes about out-running the thoughts, instead of being drawn to Apollonian light.
		- The answer to this situation, according to him, is to treat oneself as one would treat another being that has not earned one's fundamental distrust - like an innocent animal, or even another human being. This means doing things not because they will make me happy (as candy would a child), but rather that are good for me (as brushing teeth is for children). Man, that hit hard...
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Having a dark enough room to sleep in
				- 2. Being healthy, (relatively wealthy), and attempting to be wise
				- 3. Waking up early and taking control of my day, day by day
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Actually creating a mobility routine for downtime (important to prevent tightness/injury!)
				- 2. Getting back from the office early enough to still get some stuff done (or bring laptop to office and be productive there)
				- 3. Stop eating before 6 PM to preserve digestive system for sleep
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- not special, but still capable of much, if I decide to work for it.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # Evening Pages
-
- 05:26 Created [[to-do list]]
- 07:28 Just finished breakfast, gym, shower cycle, should have second breakfast soon and leave for town
- 07:50 Just created 1/2/3/4 tracker
- 08:08 Made 1RM calculator
-
-
- To-do
	- DONE Message neighbor (Mateus I think his name is)
	- DONE Ask TU to change my login phone number
	-