title:: 24.03.2022

- # Daily Reflections
	- # Morning Pages
		- The last couple of days have been a steady rhythm of early mornings and good workouts, albeit with less introspection and documenting than healthy. To recap some of the events of missing entries:
			- From last week Tuesday until this Tuesday evening, I did not masturbate. Now that I've proven to myself I can do a week, the next step is two.
			- Last week Wednesday was our birthday, and Marta, Luciano, and Luca remembered. That was nice. Nothing from Dante, sadly. I also witnessed the Z-Tecs deal happen before my eyes, which was the most money I've seen agreed on in person as of yet (2.5 million).
			- Last Thursday, I attended the meeting with CARE and Order, and stayed afterward to talk with Giba about several things. He essentially offered me partnership in the fund (1% a year for 10 years for a total of 10%). If the fund is worth 1 billion reais, that makes me worth 100 million. If I work for him from 25 to 35, I could essentially retire at that age - IF I can cash out liquid. For reference, that's about 20 million dollars at present. I wonder how long successful founders have to stick with their companies until an exit that would make them an equivalent sum - I remember hearing about 10 years as well, but I'm not sure. I phoned Uncle Tom last weekend to discuss this, as he's the only person I feel has managed amounts  that large and kept a cool head. He made a very good point about staying true to the mission: "What does this have to do with Interstellar?"
			- Sometime the week before (now 2 weeks ago), I was contacted by Ademir and offered to re-enter the fashion world. Should talk to him sometime soon. Aster was reticent, explicitly because I told her that I did not enjoy it, implicitly likely because she is afraid to compete with the girls I might meet through my time there.
			- Last Sunday, I spoke with Artus and Tristan at length about where the former should go to university. This amounted to the two of us currently studying trying to convince him not to go to England, where he would have to deal with snobbery, diversity, and high prices.
			- Last Sunday, I spoke on the phone with Luca and Antonio for a couple of hours, and it was really lovely just shooting the shit. I miss them, and so many others as well. Hopefully keeping them in my life will be possible with all that's going on.
			- Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning I relapsed, and spent all of yesterday being useless and lying around in bed. I think that the effect of pornography and masturbation is not only physical, but also mental, and that the resultant spiral of negative thought patterns is anathema to getting anything done.
		- I have to admit that writing these pages scares me to death. It is, in fact, a conversation with the man in the glass - except this glass is in the dark mirror through which our lives transpire nowadays. If I sit down to write these pages, I am forcing myself to be honest - this removes the possibility of self-deception, and escape from the present moment through any of the many forms of procrastination I have discovered. This includes doing work, exercise, changing the room I'm in, and eating - not to mention the obvious, more destructive cluster of masturbation, drugs, and internet doomscrolling. The more pernicious of these wrap around me like a time warp, and inside, I can avoid reality for just a little longer. The consequences of a avoiding reality catch up, though, and this is evidenced by the moments of depression when one looks back at a period of relative freedom and ease, and realizes that none of the potential progress that could have been made, materialized. I often fall into this spiral of whatifism, specially concerning the last couple of years, but if I do not break free from constant judgement of past actions, I will never take control of my present ones. The drill sergeant in my mind tends to gloss over the conditions in which I acted, focusing only on my actions themselves. This does not help staying positive, since much of the last 2 years has been under adverse conditions. The fact that I got through relatively unscathed should speak for my ability to reflect and improve, and serve as a foundation for self-trust and optimism in the face of calamity.
		- There is an idea from a book I read, namely _Dopamine Nation_, that I think applies to these entries. Radical, uncompromising truth-telling is the key to overcoming all destructive behavior. I intuitively understood this by feeling a fundamental peace with the world after coming clear to someone out of the loop about my situation with Elena. Carrying secrets around only turns your soul to stone, and after a while, that stone begins to sink further and further. This is also the source of my fear of these pages, and the resultant release that comes from overcoming that fear and facing myself.
		- I bought and read a great book about training volume and how to do actual programming. The concepts make intutive sense, and I feel like with enough training and self-feedback, I can get quite good at dishing out the optimum amount of lifting for myself by religiously logging everything. I felt a desire while reading to get good at lifting not for girls, aesthetics, or any of that jism, but instead out of a nerdish obsession with progressing numbers and unlocking skills, like in an MMO. I suppose the already extant predilections for quantifiable progression can be harnessed productively - what bliss to know one is training at the optimum volume per week! What a masterpiece of mathematical accuracy!
		-
	- # 5-minute journal
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Being in an environment free of cheap, easy temptation
				- 2. Being aware of my journey and shortcomings at a young age
				- 3. Still having time to make a change early enough in the process
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Clearing my communication karmic debt
				- 2. Keeping internet distractions to a minimum and not changing context too often
				- 3. Making sure to get out of the house at least once today
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- not only living for myself, but all those affected by me.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # Evening Pages
-
- 6:00 - 8:30 Gym, Breakfast, Balltanning and Shower, AND MORNING PAGES
- 10:00 - Found BI course, and received database to work with
- 10:55 Sent summary email to Fabrizio and Giba
- 10:56 Got resources from Luca including Udemy login, learning about AI @ 11:39
- 12:00 to 13:05 - Had lunch, walk around neighborhood and quick shower
- 13:10 Learning about [[Machine Learning]]
- 13:30 - 14:30 Thought I was falling asleep so tried to take a nap, failed
- 15:28 Still learning ML stuff from course
- 15:34 Fighting the most explicit and in-your-face cravings for PMO I've ever witnessed, it's almost worse than a Ritalin comedown
- 15:55 I fucking broke. Will reflect on this during evening pages and discuss strategies
- 16:13 Ate an entire bowl of peanuts, felt like binge eating (possibly in bad mood because I broke earlier)
- 16:16 Doing my own Jupyter notebook to run new data with randomforestclassifier instead of keras
- I broke again before bed