- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- 09:14 I have been feeling quite procrastinational this last week, as if I were coming down off of the excitement of the entire Moon Industry debacle. The void that the PiBox and migration to Logseq have created have certainly not helped, as there is an infinite amount of time one can sink into configuring new setups. Most notably, I tried briefly to create a plugin that would allow me to natively record audio within Logseq and immediately transcribe it using Whisper. The time gains for this do not justify the time spent doing this, specially given the tight nature of the next 3-4 weeks, during which I'll have to make up for the essentially lost quarter I have had for the past few months. I have not been feeling very motivated or focused recently, and even spent some time playing Civ VI yesterday evening instead of working. It's like I'm reverting to younger behavior, or at least trying to find other sources of escapism that aren't drugs. Well, now I don't really have a choice of whether I'll be productive or not, but in a month from now I'll see.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Being at the forefront of AI developments through my job
				- 2. Getting to enjoy spring intimately
				- 3. Having my own office (ish)
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Spending some good time with Aster's parents
				- 2. Getting some work done before they arrive
				- 3. Getting some admin stuff out of the way in the meantime
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- not special, and need to work for any and all results.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
- # [[Daily Log]]
	- 09:14 Trying out the interstitial journaling function of the Agenda plugin
	- 09:14 Had some Pu-Erh tea
	- 09:00-09:30 Did some cleaning up and wrote Morning pages
	- 09:41 Pushed last changes of whisper stuff to [[Leads2b]] repo
	- 10:42 Did some work on making the transcriptions work asynchronously
	- 10:43 Had some more Pu-Erh tea
	- 10:43-10:59 Taking out the trash now
	- 11:02-11:20 Shaving, showering etc.
	- 11:20 Added hook for Aster's keys next to door
	- 11:30-11:49 Made lunch with potatoes, cocount oil, butter, bacon and andijvie
	- 12:07-12:20 Getting ready for Aster's parents
	- 12:21-12:22 Reading https://oneusefulthing.substack.com/p/superhuman-what-can-ai-do-in-30-minutes
	- 12:22-12:28 Checking out, got access to [[Bing Chat]]
	- 12:33-12:49 Carrying up stuff like screen
	- 12:50-13:07 Setting table, fucked up whipped cream
	- 12:45 Had a glass of raw milk with strawberries
	- 13:15 Had 200g of whipped cream with granola
	- 13:30-23:00 Chilling with Aster's family
- {{renderer agenda, task-list}}
-