- [[Daily Log]]
	- 06:00-06:30 Got dressed, went for a morning walk
		- Morning walk #habit
	- 06:30-06:40 Read this article: [[Dissidents with Elite Potential Must Join Liberal Institutions]]
	- 06:40-07:15 Writing morning pages and checking out poetry Telegram channel [[Atop the Cliffs]]
		- Journal #habit
	- 07:20-07:40 Ate 5 slices of bread with butter, brushed teeth and tongue #Food
	- 09:35-10:00 Waking Aster up with coffee, had coffee myself as well
		- Caffeine #habit
	- 10:00-10:30 Sexors with lady
	- 10:30-11:00 Shower and prep for work
	- 11:40 3 Small slices of bread with hummus #Food
	- 13:49-16:20 Gym then visited Luciano
		- Gym #habit
	- 16:20-18:00 Had dinner with 400g rice, 1 pork steak, 2 big eggs, spinach and around 50g butter #Food
	- 18:00-19:30 Reading on phone then jerked off
		- Porn #habit
	- 08:00-08:30 Waiting for Vini for [[Leads2b]] call, no show
	- 21:02 Signing off for today
- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
		- I realized on my walk this morning that the whole point of stilling the mind is so that it becomes like a surface of motionless water - while I had heard this metaphor before, the innovation in the concept is that perfectly still water perfectly reflects the world around it, and can almost no longer be perceived as being water. Becoming water, and still, means becoming perfectly one with the world.
		  
		  In other news, I actually managed to fall asleep at around nine last night and had two series of very intense dreams, both about survival and group development in harsh situations, once in space and another deep underground. I think I should really begin to take these more seriously, as they have been strangely consistent in their intensity and complexity of late. It is high time I stopped playing at being Jungian and actually took the visions from beyond seriously.
		  
		  In other news, I have come to realize that my single biggest defect, which is also holding me back the most, is my lack of communication skills online and general shyness in a business sense. I should become more like Sales people, who are not afraid to cold-call and use Linkedin. This trait of mine has sabotaged me time and time again over the last few years, and I've only been getting anywhere through limited luck and connections, personal favours almost. I don't think this will carry me to the heights I know I can reach, and it's time I stopped relying on it and aimed higher!
		  
		  Luciano's speech about fantasizing about dynastic dreams à la Peaky Blinders with himself as the kingpin impressed me and made me wonder where my fire has gone. I can still remember wanting to be the first man on Mars, and now I'm merely content with surviving through the year. I can and should expect more from myself.
		  
		  As childhood slowly wanes from my heart, it is not the barren highlands of adulthood I find awaiting me, but the foot of the volcano, beckoning with its tendrils of ancient smoke and the faintest heat promising fury as of yet unknown.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-