- [[Daily Log]]
	- 08:00 I have been out of bed since 5:30, but basically awake all night due my last bump of 4MMC being at around 10 PM... clearly, that is much too late, as I lay in bed with a pounding heart, sweating bullets. I reek, but do not feel too tired (although I of course did more in the last 3 hours). 
	  
	  There is a specific feeling I am currently in the throes of that I find unique: it would best be described as feed exhaustion. The automatic behaviors of going on the 4 or 5 different information feeds and just scrolling have been exhausted, since they no longer feel fun or even worth it (I felt this strongest with 4chan). It is possible that the fatigue is just a result of my physical condition, but I have felt this way towards my phone recently... a strong need to distance myself from the gaping maw of the time sink that is "scrolling". I thought it would never catch up to me, as it did to many of my friends growing up. I looked down on them in disdain, but it was only a matter of time before I too succumbed. I need to finish the job I started last year and heavily limit/curate the information I read online, limiting myself to high quality, preferably personal/indy, and nothing sensationalized like doom porn, non-essential news, or memes. One could argue that it is important to keep up with the news in order to understand one's place on the stage, but there is a limit after which there is no added value in hearing about the millionth tragedy - I want to get off the news cycle train.
	  
	  I literally stared at my computer and did not know what to do, so I started uninstalling unused programs. I think I should really carve out some mental space for writing and music, since otherwise I will literally just be thinking about work all day long. Work and distractions, that is.
	  
	  At risk of repeating myself, these journal entries are the only place where I actually feel fully connected to whatever essence I am supposed to have. Perhaps it is the act of communicating with oneself in a permanent medium, or the opportunity to be brutally honest. I think I still have some lessons to integrate from the acid trip last week, the afterglow of which seems to not have happened or was perhaps cut short by my 4MMC binge?
	- 08:12 I am keenly aware of how my life is changing over this next year, and I know that it can be much more than just a box to check off if I put in the effort. I can come out on the other side with more money, more ideas under my belt, more contacts more knowledge, and more muscles. It CAN be done. Make this the year you kick into 5th gear and show yourself just how much can be achieved with focus of intent.
	- 08:16 I think I am currently too retarded to do any meaningful work. Sleep deprivation is a real killer.
	  
	  How did I let the internet take over my mind in this way? I don't read anymore, I barely discover new music, and outside of work, I barely engage in any activities which actually require an attention span. Things used to be different, and I remember when I still had my mind. To be fair, I've been hooked on computers from an early age...