- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Good morning, this is my second microphone, heli journal. I slept well, I think I slept 8 hours actually. The glycine is really helping. It helped me fall asleep faster and sleep better. So it was definitely worth it that bye. I realized that speaking into this microphone feels a little bit strange when I don't really know for whom it is or for what purpose. But nevertheless, it's probably a good practice to learn how to speak smoothly and speak your mind clearly when you don't have a conversation partner. So yeah, and say it correctly the first time without using verbal crutches or any other sort of artifact that would normally punctuate spoken conversation. So I'm finally done with this whole moon industry ordeal and I feel relieved that it's happened and I feel sad and disappointed that I didn't get a chance to actually be in a dream team. Yeah, I didn't get a chance to do that. And it was, I think it's only starting to hit now what a big missed opportunity that was. But nevertheless, I'm just so happy to not be working with those idiots anymore. And I suppose some other things that I learned from all of this were, or rather, that were that I was exposed to truth so I was exposed to. First of all, is the fact that I am not that good at dealing with stress and anger. And clearly, I was not that easy to deal with, according to us just testimony. So basically, that means that I have to work on my anger management, or rather work on not taking my anger home and either internalizing it or dealing with it in healthy ways because now it's just your girlfriend. But if you come home to your family one day and you've just taken such an ass beating at work, my God, you know, what are you going to take it out on them? No, no, I won't. Because I want to improve on dad and now it's one of the things that was happening to dad. So I think I just got a little taste of what that life is like. Another thing I need to work on is how to keep my cool and heated discussions in public or rather in business. Because I distinctly remember a couple of moments where I was just talking to them, especially on Monday when I was giving David the bad news where my heart was racing, my heart, my blood was pounding. And with the initial negative reactions, I could feel this weird pressure in my face, this heat, which it seemed like it was an impulse to cry because the grimace that I was making was exactly the mouth sort of going down and the face scrunching up. And that is not good because fuck, how are you going to keep your cool when you're doing even more stressful things when your stakes are super high, you have to steal your resolve. And I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to practice keeping your cool in these extreme situations. So I'm going to have to research that maybe breath work or like the Navy SEALs, they expose themselves to insane levels of stress to then be fine in any other situation. So yeah, that's another thing I have to work on. And of course, something else is legal stuff. So reading everything 15 times before you read it, before you sign it. Yeah, really being careful with what you sign and not signing anything stupid and getting everything checked by lawyers and so on. Now I understand why dad always wanted to read read anything that I signed. Oh, well, you just have to learn it the hard way if you're stubborn like me, I guess. So, yeah, I think there are definitely a couple of good lessons to take out of all of this. And yeah, I think I'm never going to make some mistakes again. I'm going to be a lot more intolerant towards bullshit when it comes to my career in my life. And now that I don't have all this time investment that I would normally need this quarter over the next couple of months, really, I can focus on making sure everything else runs smoothly because now I only have two courses this quarter. I can totally deal with that. And I guess, you know, make sure my job runs well and that I get this internship. And if I can do those things, then that's good. That's great. I guess I also have to see how the whole investment thing is going that Dave doesn't fuck me over afterwards. But I don't think he would do that. But again, you never know. I've clearly learned. I've had to learn my lesson the hard way about that. You never know. People are in the list sometimes. Aside from that. Yeah, I smoked weed on Saturday and I felt kind of shit about it. But in hindsight, I shouldn't really beat myself up too much or castigate myself because ultimately that's not a healthy. That's not a sustainable mindset. You know, blasting yourself every time you do something that's not completely according to plan. Just have some more empathy with yourself, man. At the end of the day, you were really just testing it out to see if you like it and if it's still worth it. But it's it didn't even feel that nice. It didn't. It wasn't really. OK, maybe it was because of the social situation, maybe because it was bad weed, possibly both. But it was just not the right time, not the right place. Yeah, so it's I don't really know how to move forward with this because I didn't really enjoy myself at the party or I did enjoy myself, but not like I wasn't completely at ease. And I don't know if it's because fundamentally I don't like those kinds of parties anymore. I'm not really on that vibe or if it's because there was something going on that evening specifically, which is very possible because I was still stressed from the moon industry thing. And I had fought with us through the night before or rather that morning. No, no, the fight came afterwards, right? And yeah, I think like. I still have to see whether I still enjoy that kind of social interaction, that kind of gathering, or if now I'm really, truly craving something else and I will take nothing else. And the conclusion to that would be that I have to have to find new people or I have to change the people around me to be on that level. Certainly the boxing with the Silvio and Neil, that's helping a lot. That's exactly in the right direction of what I wanted very honestly. So. Yeah, I guess just more challenge, more growth, less empty hedonism for no reason. And then again, I think everyone is kind of getting on that wave and to be fair to everyone there, they're probably all working very hard in their daily lives and they just wanted to blow off some steam. And maybe I should also consider just allowing myself to do things like that too, not just always be on track and always productive and so on. It's been like this for years that I'm oscillate between these two extremes and I never managed to find some healthy middle ground. And definitely the 100% sobriety thing is not going to help if you keep that as the, if you only allow yourself to do that and every time you slip up it's a catastrophe. That doesn't work. But of course you should be sober 99% of the time, which is still good enough. Signing off.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Being offered chances to learn without too many negative consequences
				- 2. Having access to fresh food and nature closeby
				- 3. Finally feeling some general change in my being
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Lots of light on my face
				- 2. A good time with my friends
				- 3. Reprioritize my tasks
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- on the right track, believe it or not.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-
-