- [[Daily Log]]
	- 17:24 Spent basically the whole day worrying about BBBYQ, managed to snag another 2200 shares at 24 cents and averaged down a bit. Feeling quite nervous overall, having exhausted literally all the cash I had in my dutch bank accounts and now living off of the Gold I sold on Kinesis. This next week will basically define whether I am somewhat financially fucked or not, and the worst part is that I will have to tell my parents I did this at some point. I am literally repeating the mistake I made three years ago, and it is eating at my conscience that I once again could not show my parents the respect they deserve to at least be included in my financial decisions. I guess I will have to wait for the price to go up at least to the point where I am no longer in the red... this is not cool. Even Luciano is concerned for me.
	  
	  On the other hand, consider the worst case scenario. Let's say I lose a total of, say, 2000 bucks. That would mean the price goes down to 19 cents and I am forced to sell there. Those 2000 would probably come out of the money my parents had (as I would rather owe them rather than Aster or Nathan), and it would be extremely embarrassing, not to mention disappointing. Added to that would be the loss of face with Aster's parents, specially her father, who explicitly advised her to have caution and not gamble money she couldn't lose. Clearly, this would be an example of me behaving in this childish way, and likely make them think I'm a dumbass.
	  
	  **On the other hand,** this is not a loss impossible to recover from. In July and August, I will have earned a surplus of at least 1000 euros, and starting in August I will be able to borrow an extra 800 a month to pay off whatever other debts I have. Even if liquidity becomes a huge problem, I can always send myself money back from Brazil from my saved up salary. Truth be told, this is not so much a real financial problem, and rather one of reputation, trust, and maturity. I have to do the right thing and tell Mom and Dad, regardless of what the consequences are. That is not my money, and I can't just do what I want with it. But I will wait until I'm at least not losing money anymore. Then no harm will be done. 
	  
	  Let's take a moment and appreciate how extreme this situation is, and how ridiculous the potential payout is, how it could change my life for the better and create opportunity I would never have otherwise. Some things really are once-in-a-lifetime chances. The downside is also pretty big, but not as bad as it would seem, more emotional than tangible. Never forget these past few weeks as you took real risk, albeit perhaps by bending the rules a bit, and put real skin in the game. This is how it should always be: on the edge of the cliff, riding in a blazing fast chariot drawn by horses of lightning and flame.
	- Porn #habit
	- Caffeine #habit
	- Alcohol #habit
-