- # Daily Reflections
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- 07:55 Just did some meditation with the 40 Hz generator on MyNoise. It felt very calming while also being quite intense, like what passing through some portal or great mental transformation would sound like, and is less thematic than the Aeternitas generator, leading to less bias or filling in the gaps. It has been a while since my last visit here and meditation practice, yet I feel right at home.
		  
		  Today marks nearly a week of me attempting to stay 100% straight-edge from all kinds of mental shortcuts i.e. drugs. After my nearly 3 week encounter with methylphenidate (if not longer), at the peak of which I probably snorted more than 100 mg in one day, I was well and truly spent both physically and mentally from all the acting and lies. The circumstances in which I continued to abuse it were quite staggering, and every time I thought that "surely the sanctity of this occasion" would be enough to stop my behavior, I was proven wrong over and over. Bedridden with a cold for 4 days? Meeting Dustin at IKEA (during this one I was actually peaking quite hard, to the point of discomfort)? Seeing my siblings for the first time in a year? None of these were enough to deter me. In the midst of my bender, I could not overcome my shame to take action, and near the end, I was simply happy to be rid of my stash as quickly as possible to eliminate the willpower required to actively stay away. Now I am free, but am I in control? Two or three days ago, I once again combed through the empty packets to find any pills I may have missed, and a single on was left over. It promptly went up my nose, and though at that point it merely tickled my senses and gave me a bit more focus, the sadness and shame returned in full swing, and I once again had to pretend in front of Aster that everything was alright. Of course, this public aspect of the cycle is what generated most of the drama: fighting the inescapable insomnia with any available downers, which mostly happened to be weed. Near the end, not even this was working properly, and always came with the heavy cost of being very detectable. In her mind, I was simply abusing weed for its own sake, which might even have been true earlier - but the truth was far more twisted. The first Monday after our return from Austria, I told her the truth about having taken Ritalin, but lied about it being the last of my stash. After that, I lost all hope of telling the truth after so many lies had been piled on already.
		- 08:11 So last Sunday, nearly a week ago, I had officially exhausted my supply and had my sister to drop off at the station in the morning. The plan later that day was to take 2C-B and, with Tamara and some of her friends, attend a lying concert for a rendition of Canto Ostinato played on two pianos. The details are secondary to the experience I had during the nearly 1-hour long performance. All of the shame came out, all the insecurities manifested and gripped me by the face as I lay there petrified by the beauty and infinity of the music and lights on the ceiling of the concert hall. It was unlike any *bad trips* I had had before and more like a very honest look in the mirror. The music was so eternal and vivid, yet seemed to form a still surface of water on which one could see oneself - although I was likely inclined to have such an experience in any case, considering my recent behavior. The entire way home, I felt like crying in shame and apology to myself, my ancestors, and my dependents. The truly novel development in self-knowledge here was the genuine sensation (as opposed to artificial re-framing) of my actions as **disrespect** towards myself. This word kept popping up both verbalized and as a feeling. I felt tired of disrespecting myself. I felt as though I was shedding something which I could not name, and now, perhaps, it's possible it was some youthful urge towards self-destruction and escape. After returning home, I could not contain myself in front of Björn and Aster, and broke down in tears, apologizing to them for my previous actions. I remember saying I was tired of whatever it was that had been going on since I was 15 (when I first started taking drugs), and that I wanted no part in it any longer. That confession, although it omitted my dance with Ritalin (and instead offered one about my cocaine encounters in São Paulo), felt more freeing than most other crises I have had in recent years.
		- 08:25 So now, I am sitting here a week later, trying to stay away from all mind-altering substances with limited but extant success. Since masturbation does not technically count as a drug, I made some mental excuses for that, but in truth, it is not the drugs I am trying to excise from my life, but exactly the part of my making the excuses! On the other hand, I cannot remember the last time I had more than one or two days without consuming any drugs at all, including coffee and alcohol. It is definitely refreshing to know that this is possible, but is also a consequence of my current lack of work pressure and relatively unburdened schedule - maybe I would have resorted to caffeine under more intense pressure. I feel quite down: tired, hungry, and cold. Brain fog and lack of motivation to do things, opting rather to kill time by reading random possibly-useful-but-not-pertinent information online. I hope this period will pass and that new positive practices like this journal, meditation, and exercise will tide me over, and lead to a completely new relationship of **respect** toward myself.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Having a supporting and cute girlfriend
				- 2. Not having too much student debt
				- 3. Being sufficiently financially independent
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Getting a good workout in with Aster
				- 2. Finishing one main task for each project
				- 3. Getting enough sunshine over the day
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- my own best friend.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-