- [[Daily Log]]
	- 07:00 - 07:08 Woke up, flexed, got dressed
	- 07:09 - 07:14 Had some salt water with lemon
	- 07:15 - 07:35 Took walk to the Old Church, took some pictures of cool old houses on Oude Delft
	- 07:36 - 07:47 Recorded morning log
	- 07:48 - 07:50 Filled out 5-minute journal
	- 07:51 - 08:11 Made Pu-Erh tea and scrolled Telegram on the toilet... too much rage for one morning, I need to stop ragebaiting myself
	- 09:03 - 09:16
	- 09:18 - 09:27 Made 330g of yoghurt, 330g of kwark and 100g of granola for brekkie #Food
	- 13:10 - 13:39 Made lunch with 250g of sushi rice, cabbage, and fermented peppers #Food
	- 16:25 - 17:08 Went to go buy raw milk
	- 17:15 - 00:35 Went to Fiber's Polyphonic show in the style of live instrumental drum n bass with Eliot and his mates, an absolute blast of a time
	-
- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- You know, it's funny, I don't really feel the need to say good morning when I'm typing out these logs. But of course in a conversation, it's normal that you do say that. So, I guess I've been just doing that at the beginning of them. In any case, I just took my walk outside to the old church and took some nice pictures of the cool old houses that exist there. I was thinking of Tristan while doing this and I thought, you know what, maybe he will enjoy some of these places and he'll have a reason to come visit me here. But then again, of course in Milan, the history goes back much further than that. Three, four hundred years is nothing to them. So, yeah, I had a pretty intense dream before I woke up. It was, you know, the sort of very quickly but also smoothly changing context that you don't really doubt while you're in the middle of the dream. Because, well, you know, it seems to make sense at the time, a little bit like an acid trip. You know, it all has its own internal logic. But once you think about it, it's just completely ridiculous. In any case, it ended up with a situation and this was right before I woke up. There was a situation where essentially there was some girl who I think was my girlfriend in the thing. But she was not completely willing to have sex yet. And she was trapped somehow and just her ass was poking out. And there was this very vivid moment where I basically stood there and just had my whole actual life, you know, flash before my eyes. And the entire situation with Elaine as well and all the porn I've ever watched all flashed before my eyes. And I could feel this demon of, let's say, distorted sexual instinct or a judaised sexual instinct. I could feel it being shaken off and I could feel it leaving me because in that moment I had strength and I showed strength. I said, no, I'm not going to take advantage of her. Now, this may seem silly, of course, but do remember this is a dream. And I guess in glycine dreams, it kind of have lucid dreams. You kind of know it's a dream. And nevertheless, in a dream, you know, there are no real consequences for your actions and you can do whatever you want to. And I've had my fair share of sexual dreams where there's some kind of like revenge taking or catharsis or conflict resolution through sexual domination of whoever it is, you know, teachers, friends, whatever. And it's just really it's been a constant theme in my mind for so long and probably also so distorted and malformed in my brain now since it's been what, more than 10 years that I've been jerking off, almost 15. Basically, I have my life. And it's one of the last shackles I have to shake off, to remove because it's basically a mind virus at this point, you know. There are, you just have a completely distorted view and expectation of what sex is and how you view women and so on. So I don't know what to make of the situation. I think it was some kind of a milestone. It was a sign. And shortly after I woke up, I was thinking about this because I remembered and I wanted to make an effort to remember because this is important. And I was reminded of those lyrics of the Fat Boy Slim song that I heard. All the all your demons will wither away. Existice comes but cannot stay. I wanted to send that to Celio, but I think it applies to myself right now. So I don't know exactly what is happening to me. It seems like I'm just changing very quickly. But the change is not being forced from the outside. It's coming from inside. And that's what's actually sustainable. I mean, that's the only change that really matters, right? Because if you still want to do all of these things that you maybe on a higher level disagree with internally, but the lower level still wants to do them, then fuck man, it's going to be so hard to get rid of it. So, yeah, I feel pretty good. And I think that this is a sign for my subconscious that it's time to put the porn away. Yeah, after a long time of abusing it, and myself and disrespecting myself. Well, maybe I'm finally ready. Okay, this is going to be a short log because also it's quite late. It's already 744. So I'm going to cut this short. I wish you good luck inside my head. Whoever's in there. But I'll talk to you tomorrow. Yeah.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. The beautiful houses on my street
				- 2. Being born white
				- 3. Living through extreme times
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Minimizing distractions as much as possible
				- 2. Getting outside at least once every 2 hours
				- 3. Buying some milk in case it doesn't rain too much
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- no longer a slave to my mind parasites
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-