- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Been having rough sleep the last couple of nights and having to go pee quite often. One night ago I even pissed myself a wee bit and had to sleep on a towel - thankfully Aster got no wind of that. Drinking salty water before sleep yesterday helped somewhat, but I think I'll keep trying. Glycine is up next for God-tier sleep. We went boxing on Tuesday, and it was one of the most liberating things I have ever done. I was afraid of being punched in the face for years until it actually happened to me, and it really isn't that bad. Granted, I was wearing a head protector, but I could still being my cranium ringing and a dull pain in my forehead which was quite invigorating. I am Jack's concussion.
		- I feel like my power grows with every day which I spend in sobriety. Obviously, the big ones are a big step forward, like Ritalin and weed, but it is the small ones which I feel are truly making the difference that adds up: alcohol and caffeine. Those are the uppers and downers of the everyman, and they create these artificial cycles within one's day which have less extreme but similar effects to those I was abusing. Yesterday, I read on Telegram that one must kill one's old self to be reborn, otherwise there will still be an occupant when the new tenant tries to move in. Indeed, this is what is hopefully occurring here - I have not felt as comfortable in my own skin as I do now in probably the better part of a decade (puberty nonwithstanding). It is always in the small moments of temptation that it is easy to forget the big picture and opt for whatever morsel of quick pleasure is on offer. For now, I am trying my hardest to limit the temptations to lessen the burden on my willpower, but I feel like the inertia of my growing power will soon be so great that I may have the strength to stand up to any outstretched pusherman's hand, offering with good intentions but disastrous outcomes. The question arises: this is clearly a moment of recovery, but at some point I will want to return to doing drugs to some degree. Is this even the case? Do I want to continue that life? At what point in my own is it enough? Will I continue to do drugs my whole life? Is that part of the WN 3.0 lifestyle - Bad Boys, Good Habits, and so on? What I have bought is a moment of clarity in which I have the option to decide which direction I want to go - I DO NOT HAVE TO SLIDE DOWN INTO OLD WAYS - I HAVE A CHOICE. On the other hand, I would hate to become the spitting image of the puritan, the monk, the ascetic who denies himself. Specially if the new behaviors and attitudes begin to make me arrogant and lend an feeling of superiority from which I begin judging my friends for their mistakes as if I had not been in the trenches with them making the same ones myself not too long ago. The fight is never over inside our minds, because entropy also strikes our Will to Power and erodes it away to make way for the Will to Pleasure, and so we constantly need to remake our minds, keeping them sharp like knives. There will have to be substitutions within me to replace the great mass of my persona which I crafted around and associated with drugs. I will have to find new sources of fun and hobbies, and give up some parts of the lifestyle I used to have. That also means shedding friends which insist on remaining their old selves.
		- For the first time in a long time, it feels like I actually have a shot at making a permanent shift in myself, like I stand a chance against my lower nature. I can do this.
		- In other news, [[Moon Industry]] is heating up, or at least they should be, and I feel like this weekend is crunch time to get things ready for the design phase to begin next Monday. God help them - if I actually manage to pull this off and turn this thing around, wrenching it from the hands of those wannabe engineers, then I will have proven my chops as an engineer and manager.
		- Also, yesterday I went to go buy milk at the Bieslandse Hoeve, and it was snowing quite hard - so beautiful. On the way back, I saw some yellow flowers peaking out for the first days of spring, and seeing them against the falling snow was one of the most beautiful things I have seen. It was profound and fleeting, just like all beauty is. Later, someone biking behind me was blasting some sort of pop music, and I already expected some young nigger or turk, but then I listened more closely and realized it was Lady Gaga, and the fellow was White, likely Dutch, wearing a helmet, and looked slightly retarded from his gaze and slightly open mouth. He was really into the music and was bobbing his head while holding the speaker in his hand, all while "Telephone" was playing. It was strangely wholesome and also a moment to remember - one of those snippets which remind one not to take life too seriously.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Springtime flowers with late winter snow
				- 2. Living next to farm that sells raw milk
				- 3. Having friends on the right path
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Getting as much done for Moon Industry as possible before 15:30
				- 2. Having a good workout with Silvio and Aster
				- 3. Minimum distractions and at least 2 hours of deep work
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- not bound by my past actions, but free to make the future mine.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-
- Once again doing work for [[Moon Industry]], this time doing a Functional Analysis, more specifically a Functional Breakdown
	- Mission Functions
		- Rover Maintenance Functions
			- Perform scheduled maintenance tasks
			- Perform unscheduled maintenance tasks
			- Diagnose and repair faults
			- Charge batteries
			- Swap battery packs
		- Test Track Functions
			- Test Track maintenance
			- Simulate lunar surface
			- Maintain stable environmental conditions
			- Record rover activities
		- Rover Functions
			- Navigation
				- Determine position
				- Avoid obstacles
				- Follow given route
			- Transportation
				- Drive forward and backward
					- Generate torque
				- Turn sideways
					- Turn wheels
			- Power Management
				- Manage power usage
					- Measure power use
					- Report power use
					- Route power to subsystems
				- Monitor battery status
			- Telemetry
				- Transmit data to control station
				- Receive commands from control station
				- Store data locally
			- Structural
				- Protect from environment
				- Provide structural integrity
				- House internal electronics
			- Crusher Rover Functions
				- Mine regolith
			- Hauler Rover Functions
				- Scoop regolith
				- Store regolith
				- Transport regolith
		- Control Station Functions
			- Monitor rover telemetry data
			- Transmit commands to rovers
			- Record and store telemetry data
			- Display telemetry data and video feed
		- Miscellaneous Functions
			- Waste management
			- Safety systems
			- Emergency stop
			- Communication backup