- [[Daily Log]]
	- 07:02 - 07:23 Waking up, getting ready and dressed and booting this log up
	- 07:24 - 08:39 Went for morning walk with Silvio, came back home to get him some coffee, and went to the farmer's market to  buy eierkoeken, eggs, and strawberries
	- 08:40 - 08:50 Ate 4 eierkoeken with apple purée #Food
	- 08:53 - 09:01 Reading this #article [New all-electric thruster draws 'limitless power from the Sun'](https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/new-all-electric-thruster-draws-limitless-power-from-the-sun?utm_source=newsletter&utm_content=newsletter-21-03-2023&utm_medium=greetings&utm_campaign=article)
	  collapsed:: true
		- North Dakota-based firm IVO Ltd., a leading developer of wireless power technologies
		- wireless energy transmission technology called [[Capacitive Based Aerial Transmission]] (CBAT). CBAT's wireless transmission technology allows operators to reduce their battery sizes by 50 percent
		- the IVO Quantum Drive can achieve up to 52 millinewtons (mN) of thrust from a single watt
		- Ion engines can achieve between 25–250 mN of thrust, though they have lower energy efficiency (65-80%), and require more power – typically between 1–7 kilowatts (kW)
		- Weighing in at roughly 300 grams, the IVO Quantum Drive also weighs a fraction of the mass of a typical ion engine, which can weigh up to 200 kilograms.
	- 09:01 - 09:15 Following up with this #article [An Alternative Theory of Inertia will Get Tested in Space](https://www.universetoday.com/160516/the-first-all-electrical-thruster-the-ivo-quantum-drive-is-headed-to-space/)
	  collapsed:: true
		- this proposed system relies on the theory of [Quantized Inertia](https://arxiv.org/pdf/astro-ph/0612599.pdf) [[Quantized Inertia]]
		- modular design of the thruster, which allows multiple units to be stacked (and on multiple axes)
		- The self-contained thruster can also be mounted in any orientation, offering up to 6 degrees of freedom
		- Eliminating propellants would also eliminate the need for bulky and heavy storage tanks, reducing a spacecraft’s overall mass and increasing its payload capacity.
		- >*The Quantum Drive was tested and the thrust was measured within high vacuum chambers (down to 4×10-6 Torr) in multiple configurations to eliminate possible artifact forces such as electromagnetic, electrostatic, Lorentz, Corona discharge, ion wind, etc. Control Drives were also produced to provide baseline measurements. All test setups were evaluated by third-party individuals. All Quantum Drives showed thrust consistent with predicted Quantized Inertial calculations. Control Drives confirmed that thrust measurements were not consistent with any other known forces.*
		- To test their propulsion system in space, IVO Ltd. has teamed up with orbital robotics developer [[Rogue Space Systems]] .
		- the company’s claims have been met with considerable skepticism by many scientists. Notably, there’s [Andrew Higgins](https://www.mcgill.ca/mecheng/people/staff/andrewhiggins), a professor of mechanical engineering at McGill University and the leader of the [Interstellar Flight Experimental Research Group](https://interstellarflight.space/).
		- According to Higgins, electromagnetic devices that do not rely on propellant can generate no more than 3.33 micronewtons per kilowatt (?N/kW) of thrust, or else they end up being a kind of perpetual motion machine.
			- >*“My take on the IVO Quantum Drive is the same as the EM drive, the Woodward Mach effect thruster, or any other device that claims to take a power input and generate thrust output, with no other interactions with a reaction mass or some other mass to push against. It is trivial to show such a device can be converted into a perpetual motion machine of the first kind. That is, a machine that just generates power from a black box, with no other interactions.”*
	- 09:16 - 10:01 Made coffee for Aster, had good sex
	- 10:02- 10:13 Had one cup of Pu-Erh tea #Food
	- 11:37 I just realized Camelphat's "Coca-Cola" might be about spiking a girl at a club
	- 11:41 Rej - Âme #Tracks
	- 11:50 -  12:00 Made half a liter of milk with 4 eggs and strawberries for brunch #Food
	- 12:22 Strings Of Life (Stronger On My Own) (Danny Krivit Re-Edit) - Soul Central feat. Kathy Brown #Tracks
	- 12:22 - 12:33 Made a weak cup of Pu-Erh tea #Food
	- 13:21 - 15:10 Heavy vertical push day, beat 5 PRs, feeling like a beast
	- 15:15 - 15:30 Drank half a liter of raw milk with 4 eggs and strawberries
	- 15:46 - 16:20 Jerked off, shaved, showered
	- 16:30 - 17:27 Tried to get ready to go, ended up helping Aster with her project, now arrived at library to study again
	- 19:15 - 23:00 Had paella with Aster, Silvio and Jyo, lovely dinner