# Daily Reflections
collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- I had very strange dreams last night. The first was, regrettably, a sex dream about Amanda Rebeschini in which I was in my room back home in Curitiba and she came onto me in my bed. I refused, and as I explained how I could not betray my friend Dante's honour, her face got increasingly contorted with anger, distorted and even demon-like, very scary. The moment I acquiesced, she returned to normal and the deed began, with me feeling forced into it, even though she is attractive. I woke up soon after, shaken by the impact and hard, and went to pee to soften myself. The second dream involved being in some kind of large casino-boat with my old Curitiba friends, including Dado. I was wearing a suit and looking dapper, and remember some older German sounding man saying "I will remember you, Ulfi". The highlight of that dream was looking down on my wrist and seeing a kind of large screen that somehow was only on my wrist but seemed to convey information about  my whole hand. My fingers were visible on it, looking translucent and almost like an X-ray scan, and were touching and pressing small levers the ends of which looked like the inside supports of reading glasses (those little beads to rest on your nosebridge). I don't know what the levers were doing, but the sight was certainly one to behold.
		  The last dream featured sitting on some very tall structure with a desk on top and doing a sort of exam. I remember less about this one, but the fear of heights was strong here. That girl from the past, Iara, was there somewhere too.
		- I really wonder why I keep having sexual dreams about other girls. It's not like I'm not attracted to Aster, and somehow these dreams seem to feature coitus not purely as an act of lust, but seemingly as a mechanism for assertion or to resolve issues. Of course, this most recent one was nothing of the sort, and I am truly ashamed I had to endure that.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- Still being young
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- Still being healthy
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- Still having time
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- ### What would make today great?
				- Making some real progress with Micropropulsion
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- 2. Not getting distracted by my phone
				- 3. Eating good food from the market
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- capable of much more than I think
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
- [[Daily Log]]
	- 07:20-07:38 Woke up, kind of just ambled around. Raining hard outside and feeling kind of down
	- 07:40-07:53 Writing my morning dream journal
		- Journal #habit
	-