- [[Daily Log]]
	- 07:10-07:18 Waking up, drinking some salt water, getting on the PC
	- 07:32-07:44 Took walk to Oude Kerk
	- 07:44-07:54 Recording my audio log
	- 07:55-07:58 Filling in 5-minute journal
	- 08:04-08:20 Did some Embedded flashcards
	- 08:37-09:17 Breakfast with Aster: 400g of yoghurt with 150g granola and one cup of Pu-Erh tea #Food
	- 09:27-10:00 Installing nextcloud on phone to sync logseq
	- 09:35-09:54 Cleaning up tabs and saving reference articles and videos
	- 11:20 Had 0.5L of raw milk with 3 eggs and mango
	- 13:35-13:55 Took walk outside
	- 14:00-16:08 Had nap, ate 300g rice with cabbage, pak soi and 3 eggs #Food , felt super tired and needed some rest
	- 20:00-20:30 Had dinner of arabian ratatouille with halloumi cheese and tsatsiki
	- 22:27 Signing off work, so done with making flashcards
	-
- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Okay, this is my third attempt at recording this thing, and this time I'm not going to stop or pause it, because the whole idea is to not censor yourself and just say whatever you think. So, yesterday I smoked a joint with Elliot at the park, and it was quite nice. We just had a good chat about all sorts of stuff, you know, him moving and going to live with Kate and so on. And I have to say I really enjoyed it, and I didn't feel bad about myself doing it, and also that seemed to reflect on Uster's behavior towards me, because she wasn't, you know, admonishing me or berating me or anything. And she just asked me once if it was worth it that I smoked again after I left, but I think it was. I had a good time, I enjoyed myself and, you know, didn't waste too much time. I probably also put in at least 10,000 steps yesterday, which is much more than I would normally do. And I did feel euphoric to a certain degree, and there was a certain moment where I was pretty high walking down in an alleyway, and it felt so far away because of the, I don't know, the tunneling effect that you get. But definitely nothing like I remember experiencing when I was like 16, 17, because those always got me like super duper high and now it's always just mildly so. So, perhaps we didn't smoke enough because, you know, those prerolled are also mixed with tobacco. Maybe I should do a bong rip one of these days to really feel that's baked. But on the other hand, I think this is something important to discuss, which is, you know, what frequency is going to be the maximum acceptable here. I do think that one day a week is already maybe a bit much, but probably still healthy, ideally once every two weeks to really make it feel special. And, yeah, I don't know. I think if I can just hold on to that for longer and never actually let it, never let it degenerate further than that, then I think, I think we can be okay. But now I'm one, there's a one of the plants here is shaking. I really wonder if it's because of the computer. Oh no, it's because of the wind. Yeah, okay, makes sense. Anyhow. So, yeah, I think that's that's what happened this weekend and I don't know. I really, I have to evaluate now because right now I feel somewhat a little bit tired and I didn't wake up immediately with my alarm but then again we also went to sleep at midnight and probably ate us more what I'm what I'm needing. So, I have to evaluate if it's really worth it, you know, if the way I feel afterwards is, is not too negative compared to how I feel when I'm totally sober. And, oh, to add to that I also had alcohol yesterday and a non negligible negligible amount for the first time in five weeks, I think. And yeah, that was also interesting. It's kind of nice, you know, I mean, alcohol is nice but I also did it in a sort of a fancy way with wine and cheese and bread and you know I got the cheese for us there and I really did myself yesterday with you know being considered to her. I was basically cross faded at one point, so I was, you know, smoking and drinking, but hey, I just had to let that not make my dopamine trough be too extreme to the point that I don't want to work anymore. So, I think, I think that's. Yeah, that's just something I have to watch out for. So, yeah, today, I get to work, do some good stuff, do some good work, lots of focus time, less, less bullshit time, and hopefully I'll be able to advance all of the things that I'm doing significantly, if I can just you know, do the most important thing and not diddle around. And yeah, so that's that's what's going on and hopefully it keeps going like that. Things are going pretty well, honestly. Yeah, if I can finish this thing for work then maybe I can ask for a big raise because boy I'll be saving them a lot of money. So yeah, I'll talk to you later. Signing off.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
		  collapsed:: true
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. The old church here and its magnificent bend
				- 2. The sunshine which pours into my windows
				- 3. The wine I drank yesterday
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. As few distractions as possible
				- 2. Getting lots of sunshine or sunlight into my eyes
				- 3. Getting a good workout in
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- not perfect although living in service of perfection
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-
- DONE Implement FSRS4ANKI [plugin](https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/fsrs4anki) for Anki >[🍅 10min](#agenda-pomo://?t=f-1680712810555-600)
- DONE Implement [Logseq Anki Sync](https://github.com/debanjandhar12/logseq-anki-sync) plugin >[🍅 3min](#agenda-pomo://?t=p-1680701159376-153)
- DONE Reply to Nathan
- TODO Watch GTD with Logseq to implement task management in here {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nieOiG8LGa0}}
- #AI [[GPT-4]] #video {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjhIlw3Iffs}}
- #AI [[GPT-4]] #video {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4aR_smQgxY}}
- #AI [[GPT-4]] #video {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SgJKZLBrmg}}
- #AI #chatgpt #reference [Awesome ChatGPT Prompts](https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts)
- #AI #Anki [[Spaced Repetition System]] #reference [AnkiGPT](https://medium.com/@JarrettYe/casting-a-spell-on-chatgpt-let-it-write-anki-cards-for-you-a-prompt-engineering-case-fd7d577b9d94)
- #AI [[GPT-4]] [Auto-GPT](https://github.com/Torantulino/Auto-GPT)
-