- # Daily Reflections
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- So this is my first daily journal that's not actually typed out by me but rather transcribed using Whisper and just recorded from audio. So basically I want to talk about what happened in the last three weeks and what happened yesterday. And the changes that I think are occurring within me because last night before I went to Luciano's surprise birthday party I was sober completely for including caffeine. And that means that basically I broke that sobriety because I smoked a joint and I didn't really like it that much. It also has to do with the fact that I felt guilty doing it. Didn't really feel like a moment that really justified it rather just another routine party. And I continued to smoke them over the night. I even went to a coffee shop and bought one myself afterwards which is I guess illustrative of the pathological behavior that I had developed over the last one and a half months that I need to ensure does not come creeping back into my behavior. But nevertheless I didn't really like the joints. I didn't really like the party that much either. Mostly because I didn't feel like I was really doing the right thing. It didn't feel like I was spending my time wisely. I also didn't manage to completely let go. And I think I've put myself in this strange bind where I don't know. Well let me put it like this. I'm sober right. That's the new criterion for success or for being on the right track. And if you're sober you can only really enjoy yourself in places and moments where you're doing sober things or where there's the expectations that you're sober. So if you go to a party and everyone's getting fucked. Yes you could stay sober but that means you're not in tune with everyone else. And of course that also means that you look at whatever they're doing their activities and it doesn't really seem that appealing anymore. And that was the case for me. I wasn't really enjoying myself that much. People were just playing beer pong. I didn't drink so that was good. I only smoked. But people were playing beer pong and I kind of just stood there eating cookies and talking to whoever was next to me. But I felt the kind of social paranoia that is discussed in that movie I watched the other day, Human Traffic, where you're just trying to sort of fill conversation. And the worst part was I had this with several people. I mean even people I've known for years. It's just it's like the time apart because we're all working so hard has just made us strangers more than before. I don't know. So I didn't really enjoy the party that much. And I don't think it was because I was consciously forcing myself to not like it out of some kind of weird guilt because Aster had kind of guilted me before about that I have to deal with the consequences of my actions and be responsible for myself. Just really think things through in terms of breaking your sobriety and so on. And I went there with this in mind. And yeah, I'd say it wasn't a conscious forcing. It wasn't a super ego thing. It was it was I think it was indicative of a fundamental shift within the fact that I didn't really enjoy the weed like I normally would have. Although, to be fair, I guess a lot of the previous years over the last three months has also been very much marked by paranoia and guilt and so on. And the logistics of lying to everyone, including Aster, you know, how many hours do I have before the for I have to see her again? How am I going to get clean? How am I going to stink it up? I probably knew way more than I thought. But nevertheless, I thought I was getting away with it at the time. And yeah, essentially, I didn't really enjoy it. And I didn't enjoy the party. And it feels like maybe this has to do with the fact that I just turned 24. It feels like there's some shift in what and activities I enjoy doing what actually satisfies me in the moment. And it feels like just, you know, simple hedonism for its own sake, as cathartic as it may be as important as it may be for, you know, relationships with your friends and so on. Christ.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-