- [[Daily Log]]
	- LSD #habit
	- 17:51 I am writing this after an impromptu psychedelic night at the Barn with a 6 hour Risk game and later game of Not Fully Strangers. I am still awake after being up all day on the bust back to NL yesterday, and after I arrived at the bar last night, the situation quickly escalated to everyone reconvening at my house to continue drinking. I intervened and convinced Anibal, Antonio, and Jaap to take some LSD with me, which proved to be a lovely idea. Everyone had a great time laughing at the stupid Risk banter, and later we opened up with the card game and had some personal and soul-poking talks. I have also been consuming 4MMC throughout the night, and then more as the acid wore off at around 9 AM. I'm still taking it and should probably stop soon if I want to be able to sleep soundly tonight. Of all our silly conversations, there is one utterance worth mentioning, which happily left my own lucky mouth: love, summarized in one word, is **pain** - loving someone is having someone worth suffering for, and doing it gladly, at the drop of a hat. I think this ties in to my relationship with Aster and how it's been marred with sadness and pain from near the beginning... those trials really helped me prove to myself I could be consequent and do the right thing by taking responsibility of the situation (including the girl and her mental health).
	- 17:59 This trip was a much-needed reminder that psychedelics can be constructive and rewarding if done correctly, and I am emboldened to try more often with a more targeted purpose. Perhaps it is a sign that I am healing from the various traumas collected over the last few years, and am finally in a place of defensible pride, able to interact with the psychedelic world without the attached strings of paranoia, distrust, Fear and Loathing.
	  I felt, during the trip, a reconnection to a solid inner core that effortlessly emanates virtue by just being correct. I was reminded of the feeling one Oneness with the world that can only be achieved after a long day of struggle, after which one can in full honesty say one has tried their hardest and given it their best. I also felt something similar during the trip, which may of course indicate such hard-earned trophies may be artificially induced - although in this case, it was not an exact replica, but rather a proto-feeling, an image of the fountain for such glorious thoughts.
	- 18:08 I must take care to notice certain patterns of behavior within me, since I had a similarly impactful drug realization during the Canto Ostinato concert in February, which was sadly a much more negative one due to the preceding two weeks of Ritalin abuse. Then, I also arrived at the notion that I should simply be living with respect for myself, and that some of my behavior was really a form of disrespect. For a time, that feeling worked as a re-frame for my actions and habits, but due to pressure, Moon Industry, and lax morals, I also caved back then and began down the rabbit hole of increasingly unjustifiable use. Now, there was a similar thought floating about during the trip last night...
	- 18:30 Which was generally just a feeling of self-respect and self-confidence, a belief in my own fundamental value and the courage that often follows such an internal alignment. I think I too quickly forget to appreciate the progress as it is happening, and it feels like a disconnection from the process has demotivated me of late, or at least caused me to work the least amount possible. I fell out of love with the process and seemingly lost sight of the goal, but we can never allow ourselves to forget the basic impetus of our story! It is a story of overcoming, and hardship, and conquest over matter, people, and time. Never forget you are now an active participator in the world you have so long hoped to join.
	- 23:30 Trying to fall asleep desperately, had two beers and jerked off to try and calm down
		- Alcohol #habit
		- Porn #habit
		-