- [[Daily Log]]
	- 05:50-06:05 Lying in bed, checked Whatsapp and Reddit for BBBYQ
	- 06:05-06:15 Got up, dressed, has salt water with theanine
	- 06:15-06:26 Had my morning walk
		- Morning walk #habit
	- 06:30-06:40 Took a cold shower, brushed teeth
	- 06:40-07:00 Did some reading about embryo selection and eugenics
	- 11:20-13:00 Heavy Vertical Push
		- Gym #habit
- # Daily Reflections
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
		-
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		- Today was not a very productive day. I tried to figure out how to calculate the length of the heating chamber that was filled with liquid before it boiled, and thought I had arrived at a good equation to use, but it gave me crazy results and proved to be a dead end.
		- I also fell asleep after the gym, wasted time going to Luciano's house, and basically wasted my time on Twitter after that. Not a display of power. I am dishonoring the ring.
		- Something I am noticing now that I am aware of my new desire to write and contribute within spheres is my noticeable lack of fluency and eloquence, even in English! Where did my relatively large vocabulary go? I think spending so much time away from proper literature and never having to employ higher speech in my life has made my prose atrophy. Surely there must be something I can do to reinject as many words into my memory and keep them there? Maybe some kind of spaced repetition system that keeps looking for new words to add?
		- Another thing I was confronted with is my total ignorance when it comes to actual RW philosophy and thought. I have been living on memes and secondary sources for the last ten years, and wasted the free time in my youth I could have spent reading the greats. Now it might be too late, as life will begin to barrel on faster and faster, and my free time for education will shrink unless something changes. I think I've been kidding myself as being highly educated when I am anything but. It seems not even the engineering is sticking in my mind if I have to struggle for more than a week for a simple model of a heating chamber.
		-