- Reading a #paper sent to me by [[Paul Gradl]] on [[In-Space Manufacturing]]: ![570466.pdf] [[MSc/Thesis]] (../assets/570466_1674675715394_0.pdf)
- # Daily Reflections
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		-
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		- 21:06 Currently sitting in the library at Baastiansplein after smoking a joint. Currently I feel somehow bound or trapped within a daily routine which for the last 2-3 weeks has included an unhealthy amount of weed. Even though I am making progress in several respects, mainly academically and training-wise, I feel like I am stalling in others. For starters, my creativity and curiosity seem to be slowly dying due to my use of time almost exclusively for studies, work, everyday tasks, or some form of distraction. The two main sources of distraction are the internet and (currently) weed. There is an activity which I have not engaged in recently which I called "Active Procrastination", namely a sort of exploratory, meandering form of exploration, either online or off, which induces serendipity. This includes surfing, following links, reading random articles from my feeds and sources, and stumbling on new things. My regular engagement in this discovery is actually one of my sources of power, since it is the ability to cast the net wide and make connections between events and innovations in different fields which makes one a world information citizen, and a good thinker. I think that there are quite a few activities which my ego has been extinguishing through work which got incrementally classified as diversion, when they are actually central to my holistic development. Other examples are reading, writing, poetry, and music, all of which very much fed my soul in the past and still do today when I find time for them. I think it necessary to reprioritize my time and set aside specific moments of my day and week for these things. Indeed, it has been a while since I have been properly following some kind of daily routine where these things are made explicit. A trap I often fell into in previous attempts at timeblocking my days is a twofold: too optimistic estimates for how long things take to do, and too stringent emotional responses when the schedule was disrespected. So, I should try and make daily schedules with fewer blocks that are more flexible and likely to be respected. Unfortunately, these systems often work well in the middle of a quarter, but during this very assignment-heavy MSc, the pace between work and exam seasons is largely the same, not the mention the regularizing effect that my job has.
		- 21:18 I feel disconnected from my soul, the source of meaning and magic which has guided me so far. How am I too find it once again like Carl Jung did? I don't know, but I can imagine that spending more time shutting up my monkey mind will have something to do with it. Perhaps I could use my bathtime to meditate instead of stuffing my mind with even more information from podcasts.