- [[Daily Log]]
	- 06:00 Woke up
	- 06:10-06:30 Read https://www.erichgrunewald.com/posts/the-prospect-of-an-ai-winter/
	- 06:34 Had some hot water with salt and lemon #Food
	- 06:42-06:54 Meditated (but not that deeply)
	- 6:55-07:12 Spoke in my daily audio log
	- 07:00 Had some Pu-Erh tea #Food
	- 07:13-07:17 Wrote my 5-minute journal
	- 07:25 Sent payslip for March to Leads2b
	- 07:25-07:35 Read some HN on the toilet
	- 07:45 Brought Aster some coffee
	- 07:56-08:17 Took pictures of all pages of the FANUC manual
	- 08:27 Sent email to Max Latour
	- 08:45 Mixed 1 liter of milk with 4 eggs and strawberries, had 2 glasses #Food
	- 09:00-10:10 Metal AM session with [[Remko Seijffers]]
	- 10:20 Closed organic bag inside of bin
	- 10:31 Got home again, starting work for [[Leads2b]]
	- 10:36 Drank rest of the milk #Food
	- 10:37 Feeling very slightly overstimulated due to 2 cups of coffee #mood
	- 12:01 - 12:06 Made 330 g of yoghurt, 330 g of kwark, and 100 g of granola for lunch #Food
	- 12:13 Updated VS Code
	- 12:17 - 12:44 Eating previous lunch and rest of cheesecake with Aster #Food
	- 13:25 Applied WD-40 to bike lock
	- 13:46 Going to the library to study with [[Silvio Peressini]]
	- 13:50 - 14:37 Chatting to friends in library and prepping
	- 15:00 - 15:45 Called Mendonça from [[Leads2b]] about call analysis
	- 17:15-17:50 Chatting with boys in library
	- 18:08 Computer is acting up real bad due to corrupted files in async writing
	- 19:31 Had a veggie focaccia from the SPAR near the library #Food
	- 20:48 Just got done with Vini meeting for [[Leads2b]], going to gym
	-
- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Good morning. This is my God knows how many logs I've done by now. This morning I'm trying something different. I'm actually recording this while listening to a drone, or actually it's a generator on my noise called Jungle Life. It's basically just recordings of birds and monkeys and insects in the jungle, and I have to say it's quite relaxing. In any case, yesterday Astra's parents were here, and it was lovely. They were here basically from 12 to 12, and we took a long walk in The Hague and made them lunch and dinner, and just showed them that we're doing all right here and that everything's fine. And they were of course very impressed with the place we were living. I think now when I was meditating I had many... I always find myself surfacing old memories. It's very interesting. It's like the meditation is accelerating the pace of sort of defragmenting all of the junk that's in my brain. I often find myself traveling way back in time, interestingly, to things that I normally would never think about. There's probably a lot of unresolved situations and or trauma in there, and yeah. Sometimes my brain comes up with solutions to those things that don't really make sense or that aren't feasible in the real world. Like the whole Valentina Lubomirsky thing. If only I would get with her now. That would really solve things, wouldn't it? No, it would actually complicate them way further. So I'm feeling better than I was two days ago because yesterday I actually started using Pomodoro, and I wrote down most of the stuff I have to do in LogSeek. And yeah, I think... Excuse me. I think I'm finally starting to hit some kind of a groove, especially with the interstitial journaling that's actually helping to keep me on track quite a bit. And of course these audio logs, because I thought that it would be easier to say the things that I'm thinking rather than write them. But it's strangely so that my brain seems to think differently when I'm speaking than when I'm typing. Of course, that on its own makes sense. But it's like my speech is worse when I'm not actually speaking to someone. And I can't speak as smoothly, and the words don't come out as quickly and as eloquently as they do when I have a conversation partner. And I think that's because when you're speaking to someone, they give you prompts as to what to say. And because of that, you already know what you're going to say before you say it. And when you're just talking to yourself, you don't really have anyone prompting you. It's just you saying whatever comes to your mind. So when it does come out, it's just kind of unfiltered or raw. And yeah, that makes a lot of sense to the point where I pause so much during my sentences here that the silence between my words are actually interpreted as the end of sentences and that whisper transcribed as me just stopping and starting all the time, which I guess is not that far off from reality. But I suppose that if I ever would want to have a podcast or something like that, I would have to start to become much better at this, at speaking smoothly into a microphone. And of course, in interesting ways as well. Otherwise, it just sounds super boring on air. Yeah, but overall, I think also yesterday I had some champagne. Indeed, I had a small glass of it. It wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be, but it was all right. So that breaks my one month sobriety, I guess. And did it really affect me? No, I got a little bit of a headache. It's probably it's been a long day. Did it really matter? Yeah, it really matter in the grand scheme of things. Not really. So I'm not really, but, you know, I'm not really beating myself up too much over it. And yeah, that's that. On another note, I realized that I really have to start methodically keeping up with my other languages if I'm ever going to continue making progress on that respect. So I think I have to set up some kind of a system using LogSeek where I can do this. So, you know, let's see, maybe I can surface Dutch words or something. Who knows? Because if I'm only speaking English all day, then it doesn't really help. I can feel everything else slowly slipping. I think what prompted this is me reading that Swedish sort of anime cartoon or sorry, the Swedish manga, the Neo-Germanska Partiette, which is basically a national socialist cartoon. And it's now a best seller in Sweden. So I decided to read it. And it was all in Swedish and I understood basically everything. So that made me feel like, fuck, you know, the fact that I can speak this other language is really precious. And I should definitely make use of that, you know, and keep it up. You don't lose it. So, yeah, I think I should do that. On another note, I haven't really gone to the gym in the last three or four days. So I think it's time to go back to doing that. And I guess I should also text Silvio about what he's going to do. But here, look, I hear I am discussing operational stuff. I should really be digging a little bit deeper about things that annoy me and saying things that are in my brain and that I have to get rid of. So let me see what's bothering me. Excuse me. Yeah, I think I'm perfectly honest. I still don't know what to make of this whole transformation that seems to have happened in the last month, which is this move towards sobriety, this rejection internally of, you know, sources of fun that used to please me. And, you know, one can easily chalk it up as you growing up and so on. But even my parents were like, dude, Jill, man. And I really wonder if it's just all of those other people that are actually just coping with their own mediocrity and justifying, you know, spending their time however they do and then telling you to do that too. And in a sense, Esther is not really doing that because, you know, she was sort of insisting that I at least have a two month cool down period for weed at least. But as I told her these external rules that you give yourself, like I'm only going to do it twice a month if you or once a month, if you impose external control on yourself. That's not really the same thing as having your fundamental desire for a change, right? Because if you have to exert willpower on yourself all the time, then fuck what kind of a constrained, constipated, spiritually constipated existence is that you're constantly white knuckling through life. But then on the other hand, you have the fact that the Buddhistic or ascetic strategy for removing suffering is removing desire, right? If you don't desire things anymore, then you don't suffer if you don't have them. And well, I mean, I've seen sources and read comments like this on the dissident right sphere online that asceticism of this type is actually a spiritual castration, that life that instead of backing away from desires and sensations and feelings and inputs, one should move towards them and live them fully and see how deep one can go down before one can rise. The whole Jungian thing about the tree that reaches heaven also having to reach down to hell. So I get that. I mean, you're supposed to be full in your life and have a rich existence, or at least an extreme one in all senses, you know, go hard in all the ways that you can. But that's not what I've been trying to do here. I think what I've been trying to do is both limit my exposure to chances to engage in degeneracy, let's say, but also removing my desire for it in the first place. And I think I have to be very honest about this to myself, about what I think degeneracy is and what constitutes that and what doesn't because, you know, the use, for example, of wheat on its own is not necessarily degenerate. But of course, it does lead to other kinds of degeneracy. And, you know, people who do that very much cluster around that as well. And of course, doing it excessively is very degenerate. So, really, the question arises, like, how compatible are all these things, long term with the person that you know you want to be, which is a national socialist, it's a champion of the white race. And can one be a Nazi and still smoke weed? That's a good question. I mean, weren't Nazis all doing speed and stuff and, you know, they would drink as well and have their parties and, you know, they promoted like, sort of, not loose living but very fertility inducing social situations, right, because they needed people to have kids. And I know that was socially expedient, but that's just the question, like, are you really trying to purity spiral all the way down to basically what puritans are, you know, everyone should castrate themselves before God. I don't know. It's a good question. I certainly think that there's a need for people who reject all of these temptations, at least initially, as a counterpoint to the current way of living. Because currently what's promoted is, you know, just do all these things as much as possible and weaken yourself spiritually and physically, so that we can control you. But, yeah, I think for sure. And now, I mean, there's a strong demand for bad boys with good habits, boys who reject poison and embrace struggle and so on and so forth. And the truth is that these times now, they demand a kind of man who doesn't waste time with whatever kinds of distraction I've been describing now. So, indeed, who are you going to be? Are you going to be, are you going to continue distracting yourself from what has to be done? Or are you going to dive headfirst into your work, your struggle, your growth, your daily challenges, your spiritual advancement, which I think is something that we haven't really focused on in a long, long time. And I think that a key to that is going to be this integration of the anima in the Jungian sense. I have to go out and meet my soul at some point. So, yeah, it's a good question of how drugs figure into all of this because, you know, you could consider caffeine a drug as well. And here I am drinking tea right now. So, yeah, I'm I really don't want to be bullshitting myself here. I don't want to. I don't want to let the old the voices representing the old habits that the drug lobbyists in my mind to be given a say when I know that they're trying to manipulate me. So I think I'll leave that at that today. That's an interesting thought to have because. Yeah, it's interesting. Hmm. Signing off for today and hopefully I'll get some stuff done.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Having relatively clear skin finally, after much struggle
				- 2. The joys of morning and evening tea
				- 3. Getting to see the sun rise in the morning
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Having all my meetings in good spirits
				- 2. Finishing my async adventures in between those
				- 3. Clearing some admin gunk out of the pipes
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- incomplete and in progress, unashamedly.
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-
- DONE Send [[Guarásoft]] NF to [[Leads2b]] for March 2023
- DONE Answer Tom's and family's birthday wishes
- DONE Pick up boxing stuff from Wolbodo
-