- # Daily Reflections
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Good morning. This is my third audio log and I think I'm going to stop numbering after this. Basically today I didn't really feel all that up to working. I mean I know that sounds very lazy but I did actually start the day well. I woke up at 6.50 a.m. naturally and soon after that, well, I had scheduled going to a Delftse Hout to take a swim in the lake this morning with Bo and I did that at 7.20 when we met in front of my house and cycled over. I had a pretty good talk. I had a good time. I showed him no face Nate and he liked it and the cold water was lovely. It was a real adrenaline kick and we barely missed the rain coming back. It was a great start to the morning and then after that I came back. It was about 8.20. I made myself some breakfast and made some coffee for us there and she was just waking up. So when I came back we had sex and for some reason I like made her come and then immediately afterwards got soft and it's just really weird. So maybe I'm just gonna start supplementing arginine again to make sure that that doesn't happen anymore. Yeah, and then after that, after she left at around 9.40, I kind of just fell asleep for about an hour almost. So until about 10.40 and it's been really hard to focus on anything since then. I think what's happening right now is I just have all of these different things going on at the same time and I don't have them clearly mapped out anywhere and thinking about everything at once just gives me anxiety and I have to stop and I have to reorganize my time so that I don't feel anxious anymore because otherwise these next three weeks are going to be difficult. Especially because yeah I kind of wasted five weeks of my quarter with other stuff. You know, first with being fucked up all the time and then with being sober and then with the moon industry thing it's just been one thing after the other. So so much for quarter three but nevertheless progress is being made. In general I feel like the sobriety thing is quickly getting old or at least the 100% sobriety thing. I do think that allowing caffeine back might make a difference. Of course provided I don't overdo it so maybe I'll just start drinking tea more often because I've had it the last three days so I haven't actually been sober sober but honestly if the rest of the world does it and King Frederick did it he drank five cups a day then I think I can allow myself a little bit of coffee a little bit if not coffee tea rather a little bit of tea once in a while provided it doesn't go over a certain limit and it never to the point that it makes me uncomfortable afterwards. Yeah that's it I had a very strange dream last night I had five grams of glycine it was very very good for sleep and within that dream there was like a video game with a very good story and just the mechanics and the storyline everything was were so smooth everything made sense and the dream even included me trying to explain this other dream to friends and failing at it and it was a I don't know kind of self-referential and strange but I really enjoyed it I'm really enjoying these glycine dreams. I think with the whole dopamine modulation thing I have to find some way of making sure that I can just reliably have the energy and the drive to do things and also to not waste my mornings because that's what's kind of been happening recently I've just not been using my time as well as I could or you know cranking out work all day long which realistically is not to be expected from people anyway but I don't really have a choice I have to put in all of this work so I think after I finish recording this I'm going to yeah put it put it in log seek and then I'm going to re-list everything I have to do take a look at all my priorities and try putting it into log seek of course this can also count as a distraction and its own right because you know if you're organizing all your tasks and you feel good about organizing them you're not actually doing them but nevertheless it is something that I've wanted to do for a while now so I guess I have to move away from click up somehow but let's see let's see how that goes yeah I wonder if there's anything that I'm not saying here because I feel that the privacy of this space of mine where I can say anything and not have anyone read it it feels like that privacy is not actually real because it's stored somewhere or maybe even that that isn't the concern but rather that there are things that I don't even allow myself to say even though I'm thinking them now that's a lot of layers of repression and denial of course but hey people are complicated and sometimes I wish I could just drop all of this and go be a criminal and live a life of a pirate and yeah just indulge in you know violence and sex and all of those bodily things I get that urge quite often actually and I'm not gonna lie to myself about it of course that is exactly what makes niggas what they are but that's what most of history has been and being a man with the higher spirits doesn't mean that you're not dangerous so yeah I really wonder if I'm ever gonna break out of this bougie bubble that I'm in because it's crushing me signing off
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-