- # Daily Reflections
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
		- 07:09 It will soon be a week of my attempt to be 100% natty, although the substances that make the "drug" category currently only include the obvious choices. It is impressive how meditation, at least to the limited degree which I have practiced it, seems to consistently evoke old memories which I rarely recall in day-to-day life. This time, I remembered how Connor Bastien's military dad took us on a "special night operation" during an ISC sleepover in the 5th grade to raid one of the other rooms, either the girls' room or the gym. It was likely the latter, since the enemy to be evaded was the girls and mainly our female teachers who were with them.
		- 07:09 I have realized that there is a gap in my mind between reading some fact or idea and truly *feeling* its power or truth at a sub-linguistic level, or arriving at the same thought instinctively. The latter is entertained by the rational mind, and may even exist superficially amidst the chatter, but it is not until it permeates the entirety of the consciousness that it truly begins to sink in. Perhaps this is what Nietzsche was alluding to when he disparaged the rational in favor of the corporeal. My recent experiences with this phenomenon were laughable in their simplicity, but powerful nonetheless: the ideas of drug-related behavior being disrespect toward oneself, and the question of what one is running from when engaging in escapism (one can never run from oneself, ultimately).
		- 07:15 There is another addendum to this: it is not simply enough to read an idea once, or even to feel its power in your gut and bones and blood. The work of truly understanding, internalizing, and incorporating (notice the mention of the body here) is like digestion: one bites, chews, swallows, digests, absorbs... there are many phases to it, and perhaps like with cows, there are several stomachs through which the idea must pass before the spiritual nutrients are fully available. I am now doing that work of actually wrestling with ideas that have thus far only existed at the surface of my mind, but never really penetrated toward my soul. It is possible that some drug use of mine was an attempt to hasten the process of becoming receptive enough for full mental penetration, and to a certain degree, that actually works (the Canto Ostinato 2C-B concert being a case in point), but it cannot be a sustainable solution if it always degenerates into the sort of escapism I am now in recovery from.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1. Relative financial stability in a time of great turbulence
				- 2. Access to high quality animal products (though maybe not the budget)
				- 3. A girlfriend who is naturally feminine
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1. Taking one solid step for at least 3 projects
				- 2. Getting outside and buying some raw milk (and generally some sunshine)
				- 3. Going to see Silvio and Emma
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
				- not crazy!
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-