- [[Daily Log]]
	- 08:00-10:43 Lying in bed because very sleep deprived
	- 10:45-11:25 Cleaning, doing laundry
	- 11:30-11:38 Shaved
	- 12:30-12:50 Went to buy groceries
	- 12:50-13:15 Had lunch: around 500g pasta with tomato sauce and veggies #Food
	- 14:00-16:00 Nap and conversation with Gwen, who came to visit
	- 16:00-17:30 Reading outside for [[Micropropulsion]]
	- 17:30-18:30 Making dinner
- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
		- I have spent the last week doing a truly copious amount of ketamine and weed. Last night, I also did cocaine and ketamine together, and could only barely fall asleep after going out for emergency joints and deeply damaging Aster's trust once again. Sometimes you have to face a smaller lie to protect the bigger one.
		  I am so sick and tired of this unnecessary bullshit which has cost me quite a bit of money. I will be taking out the equivalent amount in cash and returning it to the box so that the damage is undone.
		  This time, there is no way out with her except just doing it, following through and staying sober for a looong time. Indeed, I don't want there to be a way out, because I also won't accept anything else.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-
- To-do
	- DONE Pay health insurance
	- DONE Pay Nu credit card
	  DEADLINE: <2023-05-04 Thu>