- [[Daily Log]]
	- 06:00-06:11 Woke up, got dressed, left nut hurting a bit still
	- 06:12-06-16 Had 0.5L of milk #Food
	- 06:17-06:31 Went on a morning walk
		- Morning walk #habit
	- 06:32-06:50 Wrote a bit in my diary
		- Journal #habit
	- 06:50-07:00 Funded eToro to buy BBBYQ in case the price continues to rise
	- 07:00-07:20 Scrolled on HN on toilet
	- 07:20-08:00 Had 3/4 loaf of bread with butter while scrolling Telegram #Food
	- 08:20-08:40 Started to jerk off but was interrupted by Aster asking for coffee
	- 09:20-09:40 Actually jerked off :(
		- Porn #habit
	- 12:27-12:34 Tried calling SGZ (GP) but they're closed until 13:30
	- 12:30-14:48 Bought groceries, had lunch (2 steaks  + 500g potatoes + 2 eggs), helped Aster with IBKR
	- 15:15-15:45 Lying in bed falling asleep
	- 15:45-16:00 Bought in on eToro again to prevent money loss
- # Daily Reflections
  collapsed:: true
	- # [[Morning Pages]]
		- It's been a while, I know. I think I am afraid of this blank page because it is a safe haven where truth is allowed, away from judgement (except of course, our own). These last few weeks haven't been easy, as May has been tracking my nearly complete sobriety. Not to mention, of course, my testicular affliction which grounded me for almost a week and again yesterday, but now on the left instead of right.
		  
		  Enough small talk. I feel disconnected from the world beyond when I do not write these entries, and have yet to explain this feeling. It is like I'm on autopilot, going through the motions day in and out. I seem to have nothing to tell people about these last few months since my failed Moon Industry coup. Why must I measure myself in large milestones and output? Is it a shame to just be "plugging and chugging"? Perhaps. To whom do I owe my advancement, if not to myself and my kin(d)?
		  
		  My phone has been an energy-sucking vampire on my life during this period, increasingly so. Between Telegram, HN, and 4chan, it is a never-ending multi-scroll that wastes so much of my attention. Just before sitting down to write this, I actually had to fight the urge to sit down and flush half an hour down the toilet. I think this is a broader symptom of being in a passive, consumptive mode instead of a productive one, and there will always be infinite content to consume online. I must end this circus of distraction before I become the lead clown.
		  
		  I think few feelings are more satisfactory that doing that which ones knows that must be done, in focus and peace. Although it is very possible that I am feeling this as a kind of allergic reaction to my opposing state of late.
		  
		  The more I understand the Vitalist point of view, the Weltanschauung of the riders of the steppe, the more my priorities fall away from material wealth in the sense of the comfortable shopkeeper and more towards Achilles. I think that after many years, I am finally beginning to understand BAP. I find myself hungering for blood and conquest, not justified by any small measures of serving justice to the poor persecuted White man, but simply because it is what one does to one's enemies. And this status of enemy is also not something reflexive ("Well you said that you hate the goyim first"), but rather natural arising from our innate differences. Instead of scurrying off to a homestead in the Shire, I find myself fantasizing more and more about riding into the middle of Mordor to shoot that big Eye of the Synagogue right in the center. But alas, the only way upward is forward through shopkeeping work and ass-kissing for a while still... however much the allure of dropping it all to become a soldier of doom might tempt one.
	- # [[5-minute journal]]
		- ## Morning
			- ### I am grateful for:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### What would make today great?
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### Daily Affirmation - I am...
		- ## Evening
			- ### 3 amazing things that happened today:
				- 1.
				- 2.
				- 3.
			- ### How could I have made today better?
	- # [[Evening Pages]]
		-