- ## 🔖 Articles
	- [Nobel Laureate John Clauser Elected to CO2 Coalition Board of Directors - CO2 Coalition](https://omnivore.app/me/nobel-laureate-john-clauser-elected-to-co-2-coalition-board-of-d-1895d38ddc8)
	  site:: [CO2 Coalition](https://co2coalition.org/publications/nobel-laureate-john-clauser-elected-to-co2-coalition-board-of-directors)
	  date-saved:: [[16.07.2023]]
	  date-published:: [[05.05.2023]]
		- ### Highlights
			- > Dr. Clauser has criticized the awarding of the 2021 Nobel Prize for work in the development of computer models predicting global warming and told President Biden that he disagreed with his climate policies. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/nobel-laureate-john-clauser-elected-to-co-2-coalition-board-of-d-1895d38ddc8#b4dc84ca-7feb-4cbb-a1a0-94c3a70c4dba)
			- > Dr. Clauser has developed a climate model that adds a new significant dominant process to existing models. The process involves the visible light reflected by cumulus clouds that cover, on average, half of the Earth. Existing models greatly underestimate this cloud feedback, which provides a very powerful, dominant thermostatic control of the Earth’s temperature.
			  > 
			  As viewed in visible light from space by the Sun, bright white clouds variably cover from one-third to two-thirds of the Earth’s surface. These clouds, in turn, reflect about 90% of the sunlight incident on them back out into space. Sunlight that reaches the Earth’s surface in the cloudless area, two-thirds of which is covered by oceans, is absorbed and evaporates seawater, in turn, producing cumulus clouds. It produces clouds at an increasingly abundant rate when the cloud-cover fraction is too small and the temperature is too high and vice versa when the fraction is too large. The resulting cloud-cover-fraction’s feedback-controlled variability then provides a very powerful input-power thermostat that stabilizes the Earth-surface’s heat input and its temperature. Changes in the radiative heat transfer rate (known as radiative forcing) associated with changes in atmospheric carbon dioxide is nearly two orders of magnitude smaller than the effective stabilization of the input-power provided by the cloud-based thermostat. The role of carbon dioxide may thus be considered negligible by comparison. It should be noted that reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and National Academy of Sciences repeatedly concede that the effects of clouds do indeed represent the greatest uncertainty in their climate predictions. But these organizations have made little progress in dealing with these deficiencies. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/nobel-laureate-john-clauser-elected-to-co-2-coalition-board-of-d-1895d38ddc8#3a046cc4-2b1e-4b9a-bd4e-9d8441694be8)