- ## 🔖 Articles
  id:: 64c7fa89-6a4e-4786-a8f7-e20d4c07feb7
	- [The Religious Attitudes of the Indo-Europeans](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be)
	  collapsed:: false
	  site:: [storage.googleapis.com](https://storage.googleapis.com/omnivore/u/59028440-2985-11ee-9713-b79c877fae5c/TheReligiousAttitudesoftheIndo-Europeans.pdf)
	  author:: Hans F. K. Günther
	  date-saved:: [[23.07.2023]]
	  reading-state:: READING
		- ### Highlights
			- > Religious Attitudes of the Indo-Europeans | 7 estly order, was non-Indo-European in character, and resem- d in structure the recent Brahmin system of caste-rule in India. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#9acef836-eb4b-4305-a864-e5fafc0ec859)
			- > Religious Attitudes of the Indo-Europeans | 11 urgence of Nordic Indo-European religiosity, as would be ex- ted, for inherited nature will always stir against alien forms of ief. Th [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#5eba54dd-c6c6-41ae-a721-c62a668f1517)
			- > Religious Attitudes of the Indo-Europeans | 17 n tainted “this world” appears to man when faced with that her world”, and whoever wishes to measure religiosity by the gree to which man feels a cleft between a transitory body and indestructible soul, between flesh (sarx) and spirit (pneuma)— osoever seeks to do this will have to declare that the religiosity he Indo-Europeans is truly impoverished and paltry. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#f8585e28-a283-4c1e-bfc7-a77783f14196)
			- > Religious Attitudes of the Indo-Europeans | 19 Hellenes strove for knowledge (sophia), the Jews desired reve- ons (semaia), a [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#21136318-5d1d-43f5-b619-0df5859ae47e)
			- > igiosity is here the maturing of the hero in the face destiny, which he confronts alongside his Gods. This is also the aning of Shakespeare’s “Readiness is all” (Hamlet, V, 2, 233) d “ripeness is all” (King Lear, V, 2, 33). [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#66b93849-7ade-46f9-8250-ce54bed0f52c)
			- > the belief in the Gods as friends there thus corresponds the o-European idea of kinship between the high-minded and rally acting man and the Gods, which is already found in the Nemean Ode of the Theban, Pindar. This kinship rests above all the view that Gods and men are bound through the same val- , through truth and virtue (Pl [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#6c4628cb-5988-482b-8045-db7f4145ca82)
			- > religiosity ich takes something away from man, to make him appear aller before a deity who has become all-powerful and oppres- e, is Indo-European. No religiosity which declares the world d man to be valueless, low and unclean, and which wishes to eem man to over-earthly or superhuman sacred values, is truly o-European. Where “this world” is dropped, and in its place “other world” is raised to eternal good, there the realm of o-European religiosity is abandoned. ForIndo-European relig- ity is of this world, an [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#1ef9850e-d7da-4af5-ac8d-1fbd80f28172)
			- > e Indo-Europeans believed—revealing a premonition of the owledge and hypotheses of physics and astronomy of our pre- t day—in a succession without end or beginning, of world or- ns and world endings, in repeated twilights of the Gods and in ewals of the world and of the Gods in a grandiose display, ex [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#e1ce58eb-67c7-48db-902f-36ff0086cc93)
			- > n knew that the gods whom they served could not give m freedom from danger and calamity, and they did not mand that they should. We find in the myths no sense of erness at the harshness and unfairness of life, but rather pirit of heroic resignation: humanity is born to trouble, courage, adventure, and the wonders of life are matters thankfulness, to be enjoyed while life is still granted to The great gifts of the gods were readiness to face the rld as it was, the luck that sustains men in tight places, d the opportunity to win that glory which alone can sur- e death.” [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#bcb3b29c-5f85-4f98-9d22-299b6b959213)
			- > e enticement to and danger of human self-presumption was parently familiar to the Indo-Europeans, perhaps for the very son that they felt close to their Gods, and that when facing men other races, they were conscious of their own superiority, and heir hereditary aristocratic qualities acquired by strict selection he post Ice Age millennia in central Europe. Th [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#28178511-db8f-432e-a9e1-46559ea67da6)
			- > For the Indo-Europeans, religiosity showed itself as the
			  > 
			  will which revealed in the midst of destiny, before the friendly
			  > 
			  Gods, the fitness of the true-natured man who thus became all the
			  > 
			  more upright and god-filled the more shattering were the blows
			  > 
			  of destiny.  [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#d67a6bf6-41e9-40f8-a3e1-825d91c5a789)
			- > here Indo-European society sists in such racial layers of predominantly Nordic farmers, ar- ocracy and patriarchs, super-imposed on non-Nordic peoples, o-European religiosity can only be sought in the religious as of the upper strata. This is also proved by the fact that Indo- ropean religiosity is always directly linked with the conviction the value of birth and pride in heredity, and that man has an alterable hereditary nature and an inborn nobility which it is duty to society to maintain—a [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#07c3a289-a701-4743-b8ae-fe3c55e180b2)
			- > edom is where you can live, as pleases a brave heart; ere you can live according to the customs and laws of ur fathers; where you are made happy by that which de your most distant ancestors happy. . M. Arndt, Catechism for the tonic Soldier and Warrior, 1813. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#2b2aec53-33f6-45b6-a9ac-f9f363d1f609)
			- > en one wishes to apply a concept like redemption to the ginal nature of the Indo-European, one can speak at most of a f-redemption, but never of a redemption through a God-man, emi-God or God. But Indo-European self-redemption should described more correctly as self-liberation, as the liberation of morally self-purifying soul, sinking through itself into its own und of being, a liberation into the timeless and spaceless and beration from the necessity of existence and the necessity of ng. Such a self-liberation, attained by overcoming the desires he self (Pali: kilesa = nibbana or tanhakkhaya, the apatheia of the ics) was taught by the Indian prince’s son, Siddhartha, the seman with “eyes the colour of blossoming flax”,16 who later s called Buddha, the Illuminated. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#7b631928-8b97-4b86-bd1c-f802a5f6ac0d)
			- > deed, people have even spoken in erroneous way of a “Christian Antiquity”.8 What I described as o-European religiosity thus pertains to those periods in the tory of the Indo-European peoples when the soul of the Nordic e could still express itself with sufficient vigour. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#7980dfe6-167a-4b37-a4c0-0aea76e59121)
			- > l less was a religious attitude possible here, which saw in n a slave under an all-powerful Lord God. The submissive and vish relation of man to God is especially characteristic of the giosity of the Semitic peoples. The names Baal, Moloch, Rabbat d others, all stress the omnipotence of the Lord God over en- ved men, his creatures, who crawl on their faces before him. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#4b6f0315-889d-46f8-b263-8d393e8fa5b0)
			- > found mocking defiance in the face of destiny, a struggle against this tiny despite recognition of its supreme power” to be charac- stic of the Edda and many of the Icelandic tales. Such a defiance o still speaks from the Mediaeval Nibelungenlied, which aston- ed Goethe by its non-Christian character, which characterised utonic imperturbability in the face of merciless destiny. It [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#fc1515f2-d07f-4d0f-a5a7-faf2619e815f)
			- > rge part of the mysticism of the Christianised st may also be regarded as a similar breakthrough. Among at church leaders of both Christian faiths, religiosity of Indo- ropean kind is expressed whenever they allow the innermost ence of their religiosity to assert itself within them completely dogmatically. I w [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#ac13cb24-21d4-4b98-82d0-83b75801f47a)
			- > cording to Heusler, in is a “new creation of Teutonic religious phantasy”, and ove all, a God of war and of the Viking princes, warriors and lds. Ho [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#efcba70c-8357-440c-a3a4-6284cb9e7e86)
			- > e Teutonic Gods, the Aesir (cf. Oslo, Osnabruck, in High rman: Ansen, cf. Anshelm, Ansbach), had already absorbed the nir who had spread from south-east Europe (F. R. Schröder: manentum d Alteuropa, rmanisch-Romanische natsschrift, XXII, 1934, p. 187), without thoroughly re-inter- ting them in a purely Teutonic spirit. Lik [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#f4d52b43-3f15-4d99-9463-0f57111116a0)
			- > e fear of human ris, of self over-reaching, comes from the depths of the Hel- ic soul, and in the face of all hubris the limited man is admon- ed to keep to his ordained position in the timeless ordering of world, into which the Gods also had to fit themselves. It i [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#1443f1fa-b1e1-4408-903a-22c6778f8001)
			- > e Indo-European belief in a coming together, almost a un- , of God and man in reason which is common to both, can be ed, in a derogatory manner, rationalism; but the Indo-Europe-  have always tended to logos and ratio—to a logos and ratio ich through fullness of knowledge is elevated far above the lm of arid good sense or dull hair-splitting. In [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#eb8553ac-5a9d-49af-a99a-4ee76c353b91)
			- > o-Eu- ean religious life had already attained heights of greatrichness ongst the individual Indo-European tribes in the Bronze Age, hat the Bronze Age Nordic experienced much of the flowering he religiosity of his race. Ea [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#481d45f6-4c3e-461b-85da-caef6555bb0e)
			- > - ding to his whole nature the Indo-European cannot even wish be redeemed from the tension of his destiny-bound life. The sening of this tension would have signified for him a weaken- of his religiosity. The very fact of being bound to destiny has m the beginning proved to be the source of his spiritual exist- e. “The heart’s wave would not have foamed upwards so autifully and become spirit, if the old silent rock, destiny, had  faced it.” Th [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#bcf804e7-b70c-4937-8632-be451d352502)
			- > the Indo-Europeans the worship of God meant the adoration a deity, the encouragement and cultivation of all impulses to rship, it meant colere with the Romans and therapeuein with the llenes. In the Semitic language the word worship comes from root abad, which means to be a slave. Ha [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#9c0704cd-7f47-4c5b-95dd-dc607e46cc4f)
			- > he Teutonic hero, superbly racterised by the Icelandic Sagas, loftily understands the fate eting him as his destiny, remains upright in the midst of it, and hus true to himself. Aes [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#3a62f47c-dd5b-47d5-a5fe-c4b41de8a0b6)
			- > is noble balance he basis of Nordic religiosity: when facing the divine will the gious man preserves the equilibrium of his soul, the aequanim- of the Romans, the metriotes and sophrosyne of the Hellenes, the ksha of the Indians. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#3f1b0bc3-c345-46e7-b5e0-5aad9dd5ef29)
			- > s the o-European’s destiny to stand proudly, and with an aristo- tic confidence and resolution, but always aware of his own lim- ions, face to face with the boundlessness of the Gods—and no man species has felt this sense of destiny more deeply than the o-Europeans: the great element of tragedy in the poetry of the o-European peoples stems from the tension resulting from this se of destiny. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#71404a60-b90d-44bd-8c12-183a8f5cc750)
			- > the nature of man mself, just as the deity wishes, lie possibilities, seemingly divine origin, diogenes, and thus it is that every Indo-European people  readily tended to assume the incarnation of all aristocratic na- nal values in human families, the kalok’agathia. 14 [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#d830d49d-e0bb-4f48-af0a-703fd1ac8592)
			- > e figure of Odin-Wodan does not belong to Indo-European gious history. He is the special God of the loosely-rooted ex- nding Viking Folk, an [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#5bd2dacb-19e4-4432-b908-ad78626bb302)
			- > the first place, it is unmistakeably evident that Indo-Euro- an religiosity is not rooted in any kind of fear, neither in fear of deity nor in fear of death. The [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#3392b288-e4c5-40b2-91d3-3efe8284c638)
			- > es geben die Götter, die unendlichen, en Lieblingen ganz: Freuden, die unendlichen, Schmerzen, die unendlichen, ganz. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#d581199d-228c-43e0-8639-e393f6e9f6b6)
			- > Whoever wishes to measure religiosity by the visible excite-> 
			  ment of the religious man must find the Indo-Europeans irreli-> 
			  gious. The highest attainments of Indo-European religions are> 
			  only accessible to him when he has learned to master his spiritual> 
			  powers in due proportion, and when he has achieved a proper> 
			  sense of balance.  [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#17ce1a6b-26be-4f17-98ab-fb889eb5d3b0)
			- > he Indo-European realm God is again and again regarded Reason ruling through world phenomena. Th [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#ead4155d-6610-4e05-8f83-df738cd83267)
			- > While non-Indo-European or non-Nordic religiosity, often> 
			  breaks out all the more excitedly the more a religious man loses> 
			  his equilibrium, the more he is in ekstasis or outside himself, the> 
			  more the Nordic Indo-European strives for equilibrium and com-> 
			  posure. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#4606da04-672b-4b75-a99e-3fe6638c53bc)
			- > e Roman poet Quintus Horatius Flaccus has also expressed re and mature religiosity of an Indo-European type in the midst a spiritually confused and morally desolate late period, in a fes- e religious poem, the carmen saeculare (Carmina, III, 25). The o-European idea of world order, in which the man of belief ves to adapt himself, is here expressed again; Honour, manli- s, loyalty, modesty and peace (Verse 57-58). The furtherance of growth is implored from the Gods, the prospering of cattle and he fruits of the fields; the Gods should present the Roman peo- “with success and children and everything beautiful” (Verse . The same attitude is evident in the greeting of the Scandina- n Teutons, who wished each other a fruitful year and peace (ar ridr) or also a fruitful year and prosperous herds of cattle (ar ok aela). [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#7f492ca7-f2b7-4197-84cf-111fa5d807d1)
			- > m the ral command to remain true to oneself, however, it again fol- ws that Indo-European religiosity is of an aristocratic character: e does not advise the degenerate to remain true to himself. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#2881de7d-b74c-478e-b164-efbc953304fb)
			- > rhaps it is the name which is the unique fea- e of Odin that reaches back into Indo-European antiquity, for root is derived from the Indo-European word vat meaning “to spiritually excited”, and as such it is still preserved in Sanskrit, old Iranian and in Latin, where it corresponds to the word vates, aning a seer or a poet. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#4dc12644-2d98-42a3-82ea-06d5192e3716)
			- > ch a liberation from time and space is experienced in the o-European realm by the mystic as the Nirvana during lifetime li: samditthika nibbana), as the apartness or solitude of the indi- ual soul sinking into itself, which experiences itself on its deep- ground as the universal soul or part of it. Hence the mysticism he West may not be confused with a redemption. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#23268d8f-68e0-4d78-90e4-bc37195ed17a)
			- > he equilibrium of forces, inner propor- n—these are what Buddha recommends us to strive for”. Bud- a himself once compared the spiritual impulses of a religious n with a lute whose strings sound most beautifully of all when y are stretched neither too loosely nor too tightly (M [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#ff714f36-e664-4c9a-acd5-34ec95752dd6)
			- > an be shown t much that the Hellenes incorporated into their belief and re- osity in post-Homeric times was more or less alien to the Indo- ropean spirit, as for example the Orphic mysteries. Thu [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#a69a9187-cdf5-471d-8a60-64632b5a282a)
			- > Stoics were convinced t the same law of destiny bound both Gods and men, that refore freedom for man was only possible as the moral free- m of the wise man who had overcome his desires through ra- nal insight. Here Stoics have again expressed, what Buddha d already taught in India centuries before, although both Stoics d Buddhists fell short of pure Indo-European religiosity by re- ting and condemning the world. Su [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#8a544cbb-49b3-4a34-820c-6070b6f43246)
			- > are today accustomed to k true religiosity only in terms of the other world and to regard giosity of this world as undeveloped or lacking in some as- t—a preliminary stage on the way to something more valua- . [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#a3e17025-b87d-4165-b313-ab0c3533283a)
			- > ce Plato, Indo-European thinkers have taught that man ld share or participate in the Good, the True and the Beautiful partners of the divine. Ind [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#c20c6d8e-bb6e-4208-83c2-20b324fea890)
			- > e Teuton was tain of the friendship of his God, of the astvin or the fulltrui om he fully trusted, and with the Hellenes in the Odyssey XIV, 514) the same certainty is found expressed in the words ends of the Gods” (theoi philoi). In the Bhagavad Gita of the In- ns (IV, 3) the God Krishna calls the man Arjuna his friend. Th [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#f6505d8a-85c5-496c-ad53-17505c917e58)
			- > The Indo-European has confidence only in those spiritual> 
			  powers which are to be experienced when the soul is in equilib-> 
			  rium, that is to say, in proportion and prudence.> 
			  He also mistrusts all insight and knowledge and experience,> 
			  which the believer acquires only in some state of excitement.  [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#28e34957-ba1e-48b9-8e64-4f9aca423135)
			- > Indo-European does not con- er that he is the creature of a deity; he neither regarded himself a “creature” nor did he comprehend the world as a creation— work of a creative God with a beginning in time. To him the rld was far more a timeless order, within which both Gods as ll as men had their time, their place and their office. The idea creation is Oriental, above all Babylonic, like the idea—coming m Iran, but not from the Indo-Aryan spirit—of the world’s end, minating in a judgment and the intercession of a kingdom of d, in which everything will be completely transformed. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#1aead124-504a-4202-b82a-2c88c6b47787)
			- > Celts formed only a thin upper layer holding sway over -Indo-European peoples governed by matriarchal family sys- ms, whose linguistic forms deeply influenced the Celtic dialects, d whose spiritual beliefs transformed the original religious at- des of the Celts. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#185b2c42-ac5f-43ee-96f9-49a28d36e449)
			- > e belief in the end, the eschatology of the East Iranian Spit- a Zarathustra, which was linked with the belief in a coming rld saviour, has been described by H. S. Nyberg (Die Religionen Alten Orients, Mitteilungen der Vorderasiatisch-Ägyptischen sellschaft, Vol. 34, 1938, pp. 266 et seq., 231 et seq.). It subse- ently penetrated into Judaism shortly before the time of Jesus d fully determined his message (H [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#78455b68-4269-4070-b240-2ae71876c141)
			- > ver is this Indo-European joy in destiny turned into an ac- tance of fate, into fatalism. When faced with the certainty of ath the Indo-European remains conscious that his inherited na- e is that of the warrior. Th [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#7ce677ea-2c09-4084-b983-28f49f801128)
			- > here’s anything more powerful than fate, en it’s courage, which bears fate unshaken. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#1bfe100b-0709-45b6-9375-fdbca31b4d3d)
			- > t human intelligence and comprehension has its limits, ile that of the deity is boundless, hence the Indo-Europeans, d particularly the Hellenes, have felt deeply their dependency the Gods. Th [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#81fd4dbe-ad6c-46fd-8752-b87c9bf32c47)
			- > The certainty of a destiny has not made the true Indo-Euro-> 
			  pean seek redemption, and even when his destiny caused him to> 
			  tremble, he never turned to contrition or fearful awareness of> 
			  “sin”. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#2e55e5a4-e0f4-40f1-b7c1-01ba266cdbab)
			- > would not regard as Indo-European every religious idea ich has been found amongst individual Indo-European speak- peoples, but many of them were divided into racial strata in h a way that the rulers were predominantly men of Nordic e. Therefore, probably much of the preoccupation with magic d the haunting of the spirit which is described to us as Indo- ropean religious thought is in reality an expression of the relig- ity of the lower racial stratas, the non-Nordic linguistically o-Europeanised subject people. Di [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#2ae997ca-ff70-4400-baab-bf1cbb1e3d9f)
			- > s clear that a religiosity arising from such an attitude to- rds life can never become universal. Indo-European religions  never be transferred to other human breeds at choice. To [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#3b317c10-fdbf-4376-8515-94d2324be211)
			- > belief to which Goethe confessed in his em Faust: is belief in life in spite of all: in spite of the knowledge he fundamentally tragic character of life.” (op. cit., 1938, 55.) [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#cf689938-36de-4e56-8bfd-3eeec4efffaf)
			- > e conversion of the Teutons to ristianity can only be explained by assuming that amongst m many men of softer heart could not withstand the gaze from eyes of a merciless destiny and—against all reality—took their uge in the dream image of a merciful God. Ind [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#9eef71d9-6ede-4d67-b886-77d408d7b50c)
			- > e yeoman freeholders on their hereditary farms, who med the majority of the Teutonic peoples, were never at ease h the cult of Odin or Wodan (Ka [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#a6fd1321-b973-4aad-b7fb-7751f8f34fc7)
			- > Christianity the conduct of the faithful before God is freely erpreted by the term humilis, and hence humility, meaning lit- lly slave mind or serving the tribe, is demanded as the essence religiosity. Bu [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#f11a5e71-b788-4064-9091-6b63fbaca3d3)
			- > t since in fact Indo-European nations represented different types moulded the spiritual pattern of the Nordic race, the origin of these com- n religious attitudes may be identified in a religiosity which is racteristically Nordic, em [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#773df36b-4b63-43bc-8dec-b528d209b1f0)
			- > same expe- nce of life and religion is found again with Goethe: nn mit Göttern sich nicht messen ndein Mensch. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#89f6fc7b-daae-474e-8da1-934a089553c2)
			- > e name of the Indian d Mitra, which corresponded to Mithra in Iran, means “friend”. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#59e849d0-ef6b-4e45-a8b4-efed9c32138c)
			- > e must ask how much of Odin’s character can be explained m Teutonic folk belief, how much is later poetical embellish- nt, and how much reaches back, as with Zeus or Jupiter, into iquity and the Indo-European conception of the “Father of the avens”. We [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#25e5a533-72bd-49ea-825d-e3918a7ed1b8)
			- > ause he is not a slave before an nipotent God, the Indo-European mostly prays not kneeling r prostrated to earth, but standing with his eyes gazing upward d his arms stretched out before him. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#f0c62e39-dba4-4c71-95e0-fbd48595e7a1)
			- > e Church has attempted to displace the Indo-European idea destiny by the idea of providence (providentia). Wi [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#216c642d-36de-45c3-8b9e-2ac76599bddd)
			- > ul distinguishes the religiosity of the Indo-Europeans from t of the Semites, when he asserts (I Corinthians, i. 22) that while [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#eee6e7f3-7b03-4053-b39a-1fa1efe694e8)
			- > ch which has asserted itself in Islamic sia and in Christian Europe in religious life can be valued as a [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#c5b0ed93-b73f-4bfe-8235-2747b00ccd1d)
			- > hoever wishes to measure religiosity by the degree of man’s sement before the divine, or by how questionable, valueless or [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#3b93734d-c0e0-4e3b-abe7-e3a139161f10)
			- > ally, the hierarchy of the Celtic Druids, a power-seeking [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/u-59028440-2985-11-ee-9713-b-79-c-877-fae-5-c-the-religious-atti-18983f996be#41daea3e-f16d-4e8a-9cb8-d1f5020038dd)