type:: article
tags:: Space Age Maximalist

- {{renderer :wordcount_}}
	- Introduction
		- Greetings from the depths of the Central American jungle! I currently am writing from my underground laboratory, housed inside a deactivated volcano for privacy. My sincerest apologies for not having communicated earlier, but this latest project commissioned by the secret space program of a local country I cannot reveal (new ingenious method of crossing the Rio Grande from above instead of below) has kept me quite busy. However, in between building fearsome vehicles of mass transportation, I have long pondered terrible prospects which keep me from sleeping. I can the visions no longer resist.
		- This letter is addressed to those sons of Europe blessed with a technical bent and a curiosity for the world which hounds them. Whether or not this gift is accompanied by the autism does not matter, although this superpower does make it easier to ignore all distractions, like women and sunshine, from the higher pursuits of mathematics, science, and engineering. I mean no disrespect for the humanities, but being a man of numbers and uncompromising objectivity myself, I can only hope to speak to my own kind.
		- You nerds, and I will refer to you collectively as "engineers", for "nerd" is now associated with liking the Star Wars and other children stories, are likely obsessed by some abstract fantasy in accordance to your dispositions, be it beetles, category theory, eugenics, or perhaps even interplanetary ballistic missiles filled with fissile nuclear material. You live your life in pursuit of advancing this dream, and if you are lucky, your intellect and hard work may get you into elite institutions where the real work is happening, where you get to take part in the fun.
		- Many such engineers do not care for politics and philosophy for a variety of reasons: they may be too socially illiterate to fully comprehend the subjective and Machiavellian world that surrounds them, they might be purposefully sticking their head in the sand like the noble Ostrich to drown out the noise, or they may not have had the spark of creativity to question the standing narrative, succumbing to the low path of conformism. This is not to say they are stupid, but raw IQ alone is only one ingredient of a truly prodigious mind. If you, my reader, are one of these people, or know some poor fellow who is, then it is time to prick your ears.
		- Your dream will not and cannot come to pass if the lower forces of the world continue unopposed. That is to say, the corruption of our people. and humanity as a whole, will create conditions making impossible the kind of expensive and complex advances in science and technology that may fulfill your vision. In fact, not even the maintenance of the systems we currently have will be possible, and we will slowly begin to slide backward in time.
		- I became aware of this fact after reading the excellent work by Prof. Richard Dutton, among others, on the looming collapse of human IQ and the human genome as a whole. There are several reasons for this collapse in the West, but it mainly comes down to greater numbers of low IQ births, and lower numbers of high IQ ones. In brief, the former is caused by immigration from low IQ countries and a strongly religious sentiment among lower IQ Whites. The latter has numerous reasons, chiefly the susceptibility of high IQ people to ideological capture, leading to rationalization into reproductive dead end lifestyles (girl bosses and soy men), not to mention to inverse correlation between social skill and IQ above 130.
		- Consider now the consequences of such a low IQ world, where train and aeroplane accidents become ever more common, and networks break down with no one able to fix them. I am reminded of the African tribesmen who still today cross broken bridges left over from European colonial infrastructure with ropes that they sling across and bravely climb on. We will become a world incapable of inheriting the past, and the shoulders of giants we used to stand on will slowly seem slippery. In such a world, I am afraid to say, none of the advanced indulgences you have oriented your life around will be possible, for we will all be too stupid to do the math.
		- Ah!, I hear you say, you proud defender of American values, whiskey, soda and rock 'n roll, but there is no problem if we run out of high IQ Whites! Just as we have done for 30 years, delegating our ability to produce to other peoples, now we can do so for our thinking, too. Surely, there are enough high IQ Brahmin Indians and Han math Olympiads to keep the engines of science roaring. If you are an engineer of high station, you will probably have worked with members of these two races, and possibly are even friends with a couple.
		- Unfortunately, this is no solution: to summarize the problem with India, I will skip over their usage of toilets as altars and point to what the high IQ H1B imports have done to Silicon Valley. In nearly every large company, they have installed a yes-man pliable Indian CEO, and within a festering cabal of nepotistic Indians grows uncontrollably, as they hire their own over the best available talent. I predict soon Google will soon approach the quality of Indian call center customer service, and this time we will all redeem their gift cards. As a country, India does not have the human capital to pull itself out of the eternal slum, and their Brahmins will always opt to leave than stay and contribute to their People's national glory.
		- Concerning China, a careful analysis of their state ideology will reveal it not be Communism (they are much more capitalistic than the West), but a continuation of the kind of Chinese legalism which prescribed deliberately weakening the population in order to more easily control them. A people who has so longer been under the yoke of foreign barbarians and now is being deployed en masse as CCP operative biological weapons to Western universities (see the example of Canada and Australia) simply cannot trusted - they may even be, as you say it, based, but they are so for themselves only. Chinese interests are directly opposed to yours on a civilizational level.
		-
		-
		-
- Negative Vision
- Positive Vision
- Prescription
- Conclusion
- If you are white and nerdy, you need to understand what is happening around you and tribe up
- IQ nationalism is not enough: Indians and Chinese are not your friends, even though individuals may be nice
- IQ is dropping and the consequence of that is the collapse of complex technological systems
- The current system depends on a core of highly competent and compliant people to run the whole thing
- The conquest of space and the expansion of our race is the ultimate conclusion of Faustianism and the greatest honour we can bestow on our steppe ancestors... space is the greatest steppe of all
- A future filled with genetically engineered catgirls, where the nannying of lower peoples no longer stands in the way of communion with infinity
- So much can be done with our engineering, and we can work towards solving the greatest mysteries both on our planet and off it: finally look under the sand of the Sahara to find the remains of antedeluvian civilization, investigate whether Moon is really hollow and housing aliens, finally becoming noble enough to prompt E.T. to contact us